Phone:
408-423-3679
Location::
Bowers Infant Toddler Program
Location::
Bowers Infant Toddler Program
Requirements for Applying
QUALIFICATIONS: • BA or higher in Early Childhood Education. If BA is in a related field must have 12 ECE core units plus 3 units supervised field experience in Early Childhood Education or Child Development; Child Development Teacher permit or higher required. • Must have Infant Toddler units • 2-3 years of experience working with children ages 6 weeks - 3 years old in an infant toddler setting • CPR and First Aid Certified • Must be in good health, able to lift 30 lbs. chest high, and pass a physical exam • Must be able to walk, squat, bend and stand; ability to move freely to supervise and engage in indoor and outdoor activities with children.
KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY: • Create developmentally appropriate curriculum directly connected to the needs and interests of the children. • Some knowledge of High Scope, Developmentally Appropriate Practices, Preschool Learning Foundations, Desired Results Developmental Profile and/or ITERS preferred. • Keep children safe and healthy through proper supervision, authentic interaction and practicing good health habits • Create exciting and enriched environments connected to curriculum and quality learning experiences. • Work collaboratively with other staff by practicing workplace values, flexibility, and being a team player. • Provide excellent customer service for families, school, community and each other.
Requirements for Applying
QUALIFICATIONS: • BA or higher in Early Childhood Education. If BA is in a related field must have 12 ECE core units plus 3 units supervised field experience in Early Childhood Education or Child Development; Child Development Teacher permit or higher required. • Must have Infant Toddler units • 2-3 years of experience working with children ages 6 weeks - 3 years old in an infant toddler setting • CPR and First Aid Certified • Must be in good health, able to lift 30 lbs. chest high, and pass a physical exam • Must be able to walk, squat, bend and stand; ability to move freely to supervise and engage in indoor and outdoor activities with children.
KEY AREAS OF RESPONSIBILITY: • Create developmentally appropriate curriculum directly connected to the needs and interests of the children. • Some knowledge of High Scope, Developmentally Appropriate Practices, Preschool Learning Foundations, Desired Results Developmental Profile and/or ITERS preferred. • Keep children safe and healthy through proper supervision, authentic interaction and practicing good health habits • Create exciting and enriched environments connected to curriculum and quality learning experiences. • Work collaboratively with other staff by practicing workplace values, flexibility, and being a team player. • Provide excellent customer service for families, school, community and each other.
The Santa Clara Unified School District celebrates diversity and is committed in all of its activities, policies, programs, and procedures to provide equal opportunity for all, and prohibits discrimination, harassment, intimidation, and bullying based on actual or perceived ancestry, age, color, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, nationality, race or ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation or association with a person or a group with one or more of these actual or perceived characteristics. The District will make reasonable accommodations for applicants, employees and students with disabilities.
APPLY (CURRENT EMPLOYEES ONLY) APPLY

PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design, develop (including voice over) and train on LMS modules for coding accuracy with CPT-4, ICD-10, CMS guidelines and clinical documentation improvement
Develop curriculum and all supportive learning management training materials to enhance teaching sessions
Develop paper/electronic training material for internal, vendor or client needs
Interpret guidelines regarding CMS, Medicare, state and other coding related healthcare legislation to stay abreast of training and curriculum needs
Lead training sessions with employees, contractors and vendor partners to ensure accurate coding assignment
Create, develop content and publish internal newsletter to coding staff
Work with the Director of Education to develop coding policies
Create and develop manuals for training and user manuals for our internal coding platform
Provided education sessions for Coder Trainee Program, both internal and vendor based
Support the curriculum utilized by our PMCC license with AAPC
Develop and create curriculum to support client training needs
Assist QA teams with focus reviews for ICD-10-CM and CPT-4 code assignment
Create and develop reports to identify training needs/outcomes
Develop policies to reflect changes and guidelines from CMS, AMA, new codes, PQRS/MIPS and communicate them to staff, vendor partners and clients
Deliver training to providers and clients and conduct SaaS training
Assist in aspects of logistics surrounding training programs ensuring rooms and materials are available for training sessions
Conduct audits for clients and analyze results to make recommendations regarding education, training needs and/or clinical documentation improvement
Become familiar with and stay abreast of new training methodologies and resources
Align conduct with AAPC and/or AHIMA’s Standards of Ethical Coding and the Company’s Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct and support the Company’s Ethics and Compliance Program
Accurately apply diagnosis and procedure codes utilizing ICD-10-CM, ICD-10-PCS, CPT®, and HCPCS
Interpret coding guidelines for accurate code assignment
Identify the importance of documentation on code assignment and the subsequent reimbursement impact
Comply with all internal policies and procedures
Actively participate in Company provided training and education
Ensure individual compliance with all privacy and security rules and regulations and commit to the protection of all Company confidential information, including but not limited to, Personal Health Information
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS:
Comprehensive knowledge of medical terminology, anatomy, physiology and pathophysiology
Demonstrated experience developing curriculum using the latest technologies and software
Advanced proficiency in ICD-10- CM and ICD-10- PCS coding
Advanced knowledge and ability to use PowerPoint and Microsoft Office
Must have excellent interpersonal, written and communication skills
AHIMA Certification RHIA, RHIT, or AAPC Certification CPC required
Certification ICD-10-CM/PCS trainer desired
A minimum of 3 years demonstrated training experience desired
Experience developing policies/procedures related to the coding industry
Knowledge and experience interpreting healthcare related legislation
Must be willing to obtain CPC-I within 1 year of employment
TRAVEL:
Estimated around 10%-20%
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
Must be able to remain stationary 80% of the time, operate a keyboard. Must be able to exchange accurate information with clients and co-workers in a clear audible speaking voice and hear normal speech. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee will be frequently required to sit for long periods of time.
A job description is only intended as a guideline and is only part of the employee’s function. The company has reviewed this job description to ensure that the essential functions and basic duties have been included. It is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all functions, responsibilities, skills and abilities. Additional functions and requirements may be assigned by supervisors as deemed appropriate.
T-System, Inc. is an equal employment/affirmative action employer. If you need accommodation for any part of the employment process because of a disability, please send an e-mail to humanresources2@tsystem.com to let us know the nature of your request.
This employer participates in E-Verify
EOE/AA/Disabled/Vets

Posting Text
Title Adjunct Instructor - STCC
Position Title Adjunct Faculty Pool - Biology
Department STCC-Natural Sciences (AA)
Position Summary
This is a part-time, Adjunct Faculty position in the Department of Natural Sciences.
THIS POSTING IS NOT A GUARANTEE OF AN OPEN POSITION. Applications for part-time faculty positions are accepted on a continuous basis and reviewed by the department chair when openings become available. Future teaching assignments are on a term-by-term basis, which may include fall, spring and summer.
Postings close yearly on January 31; to maintain your application within the system, you will need to re-apply each year.
At the time of application, applicants should be prepared to upload a cover letter, resume/CV, references list, statement of teaching philosophy, & an unofficial transcript.
The Adjunct Instructor is responsible for the coordination, planning, preparation, presentation, and evaluation of classroom instruction and related activities. The Instructor is responsible for performing assigned teaching duties during the day, evening, or weekend on any Southwest Tennessee Community College campus.
The adjunct instructor is responsible for performing assigned duties during the day, evening, or weekend on any Southwest Tennessee Community College campus.
At a minimum, the related activities include instruction, academic advising, serving on various committees, participating in professional activities and organizations.
Typical Duties and Responsibilities
Prepares and delivers instruction on topics in Biology.
Compiles, administers, evaluates and grades students’ class work, laboratory work, assignments, tests, and papers fairly and consistently; and keep students informed about their progress through the prompt grading of papers and other work.
Develops curricula and instructional material such as syllabi, homework assignments, and handouts.
Maintains office hours for students seeking academic advice, assists in student recruitment and retention; and assists students with course-related problems outside of the classroom.
Maintains accurate student attendance records, grades, and other required records in compliance with federal FERPA regulations.
Attends all faculty meetings, college assemblies, professional development and orientation activities, and other meetings as called by the President, Dean or Department Chair.
Keeps abreast of developments in the field by reading current literature, talking with colleagues, and participating in professional conferences.
Participates in departmental and college committees; and provides outreach service to the community.
May perform other duties as assign by Department Head/Dean.
Required Qualifications
Master’s degree in the teaching discipline or master’s degree in another discipline with 18 hours of graduate work in the teaching discipline.
Minimum two (2) years teaching experience in higher education or one (1) year teaching experience and three (3) years employment in the field.
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Work Characteristics
Knowledge of current teaching and learning strategies to facilitate student-centered learning; experience interacting successfully with academically and culturally diverse student populations.
Skill in selecting and using training/instructional methods and procedures appropriate for the situation when learning or teaching new things.
Ability to integrate technology into course delivery.
Ability to communicate information and ideas in writing so others will understand.
Ability to interact with a diverse student population.
Willingness and flexibility to teach classes using various instructional delivery methods at any of the seven locations.
Pay Rate $500.00/credit hour
Posting Date 12/05/2016
Closing Date 01/31/2018
Open until Filled No
