What you'll need to succeed
Passion for bringing ideas to life
Organizational skills and demonstrated follow-through
A record of successful completions
Ability to travel on a limited basis
Familiarity with materials, building systems and construction methods
Developing and maintaining schedules and budgets
Leading meetings, preparing meeting minutes, follow-up
Administering a competitive bid process and selecting contractors
Managing submittals, RFIs and change orders
Solicit and collect subcontractor and vendor bids or quotations.
Develop and nurture subcontractor/vendor and client relationships.
Prepare subcontractor analysis sheets for assigned scope of work.
6 + months' experience in cost management
Must be able to read blueprints
Ability to prepare detailed, accurate estimates
Experience with On-Screen Takeoff preferred
Intermediate skills in Microsoft Excel
Demonstrates good written and oral communication and team skills
Must be dependable, consistent, diligent, and thorough
Cumming will consider candidates nationally and provide relocation assistance.
Experience: Relevant experience in area of practice, strongly preferred.
Skills: Excellent communication skills. Basic computer skills.
at our Manor Road program located in
Ability to communicate in a supportive and teaching manner.
Ability to effectively handle multiple tasks.
Willingness to drive agency vehicle as required.
Ability to handle and maintain confidential information.
Provide coverage at site when needed.
Report all concerns regarding staff to Program Supervisor.
Attend and participate in supervision.
Coordinate referral and intake process as directed.
Coordination of all program participant appointments.
Attend monthly case management meetings when appropriate.
Assist with payroll processing as necessary.
Experience required 3 - 5 Years
Drive release planning sessions and cross-scrum dependency tracking.
Run multiple scrum teams as the ScrumMaster.
The Successful Candidate will need:
Expertise with Agile. Scrumaster certification a strong plus.
Demonstrated success leading multiple, concurrent development projects.
Superb organizational skills and attention to detail.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
BS in computer science or related technical discipline.
Expertise with multiple languages such as Python and/or Java.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline.
Please send your resume to jobs@egnyte.com add "
" in the subject line.
You will intuitively find opportunities for new development
Keep current with industry trends, regulations, and events
Strong knowledge of OTC and exchange-based trading
Products (e.g. equities, derivatives, fixed income & currencies)
Parties (e.g. investment bank, broker/dealer, clearing houses)
Proficiency in Microsoft Windows & Microsoft Excel
Strong knowledge of web-hosted application concepts (e.g. architecture, development)
Working knowledge of relational databases and Microsoft SQL
Everyone Benefits from Diversity & Inclusion.
Diverse & Inclusive Teams Drive Growth."
All other duties as assigned.
Bachelor's degree or related field and/or equivalent work experience.
Extremely strong relationship development and management skills
Excellent portfolio performance management, analyzing and reporting skills
Strong customer service and orientation skills
Motivation and ability to quickly learn new technologies.
Must have strong analytical abilities.
Highly self-motivated and self-directed but be team oriented/player
Must have strong interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills.
World Leader in Gaming Entertainment
Endless growth opportunities across a global organization
Pinball, pool, ping pong, foosball, and games galore
Competitive compensation, full benefits, 401k, PTO and more
Our core values: Respect, Courage, Integrity and Passion
Title Clinical Nurse Manager (RN)
correct deficiencies in the delivery of dialysis.
Responsible for monthly management of interdisciplinary team care conferences.
Governing Body and Center Governance Policy.
Facility Management for Home Centers:
Facility maintained in good repair
Responsible for communicating request/needs to Technical Program Coordinator
Maintains professional competence via continuing education
Proficient computer skills - e.g. Outlook, Word
Effective quality manager/accountable for outcomes
Integrates clinical knowledge and leadership skills into practical action
Effective in staff and patient education
Demonstrates fiscal accountability, quality management and strategic planning skills
This role is based in our Palo Alto office.
Drive and execute scrum processes cross-functionally.
Coordinate with stakeholders to ensure on-time delivery of products.
what you bring to Light...
Experience working with cross-geographical and cross- discipline teams.
Superb communication, interpersonal and social skills.
even better if you have...
Familiarity with project management methodologies- preferred
Completed PMP or Six Sigma certification courses- preferred
Some experience coding in Java or C++
Prior experience in a fast-paced technology start-up environment- preferred
Food. Yes. We eat a lot.
To reimagine photography, visit: https://light.co/.
We appreciate your interest in Light!
Provide timely feedback to senior management regarding performance.
Create and conduct proposal presentations and RFP responses.
Manage expenses to meet budget guidelines.
Delegating authority and responsibility with accountability and follow-up.
Conducting weekly sales meetings with your entire team.
Conducting those weekly one-on-one meetings with each sales representative.
Payroll or related industry experience.
Extensive experience in all aspects of B2B relationship management.
Strong understanding of customer and market dynamics and requirements.
Alliance Tech by Cvent is the leading provider of
innovative technology solutions focused on business intelligence & marketing
capturing event metrics including attendee tracking utilizing RFID, Lead
Management, Surveys, and Mobile Guides.
What You Will Be Doing
Manage the necessary documentation and online
forms for each large event and customer.
Maintain and share all relevant customer
updates, changes, issues, etc. with management as needed
Work with accounting to ensure clients are
Communicate with Sales, account managers,
Monitor, record, analyze and report on
activities, trends, results and recommendations relating to your customers.
Coordinate overseas events through vendors and
Work with sales to have a smooth transition to
operations for all iLeads needs.
Act as the supply chain of importer and
exporter, (for example handling instructions, operating manuals, product
training, etc.) for all iLeads shows for clients.
Travel is 25-40% of the time, varies by month
What You Need For This Position
College degree from an accredited 4 year
1-2 years previous program coordinator or
project manager experience (preferably in the high-tech industry)
Knowledge of tradeshow & event industry
Strong computer skills (iOS, XML, Excel, Word,
Must have excellent project management and
Must be able to work independently as well as
Cvent maintains a drug-free workplace
care, urgent care and more than 30 different specialties.
High school diploma or equivalent preferred
Relevant experience in a fast-paced medical office highly preferred.
Proven ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Basic working knowledge of medical terminology.
Strong working knowledge of insurance requirements.
Thorough understanding of project/program management techniques and methods
Excellent knowledge of performance evaluation and change management principles
Outstanding leadership and organizational skills
Discounted chair massages on Fridays
In December, holiday celebration for employees and their families
Halloween Potluck, Company Summer Outing, Charity Drives
Onsite fitness room and showers
Minimum 4 years of experience
Oversee admissions, onboarding, obtaining visas, course registration, and graduation.
Effective oral, written, communication, interpersonal skills.
As a Manager of Product Management, you will:
Provide Focus through Sales and Technical Enablement:
Establish a Partner lifecycle program
Provide ROI for Partner Investment:
adopt, expand, and renew incentives
and drive growth in these areas Q/Q
Leverage Partner channel programs to maximize profitability
Develop competitive strategies and understand competitive dynamic of vendors/partners
What you bring to the team:
$5.5 billion in revenue for 2016
Performs all other duties assigned by their respective Supervisor
Exceptional computer skills (MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Exceptional organizational and process skills
Ability to work well under pressure and meet timelines
Proven performance, history in related field
Exceptional attention to detail and demonstrated results
Exceptional track record of customer satisfaction
Demonstrates the ability to delegate, complete projects through others
Proficient with Agile development methodologies.
Strong leadership, interpersonal, influence, negotiation, organization & communication skills.
Ability to influence senior business and technology leaders.
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience, Masters, a plus.
Project Management certification (eg: Master Certificate or PMP) preferred.
Bachelor degree with 3-5 years' experience preferred
Identify, track, and resolve routine queries.
Contribute to statistical analysis plans.
Mastery of Excel (certification preferred) and Word.
Review deliverables prepared by team before passing to client
Manage day-to-day operational aspects of a project and scope
Prepare for engagement reviews and quality assurance procedures
Conduct pre-bid and job start meetings
Manage the project in design, construction and occupancy phases
Approve pay requests of consultants and contractors
Conduct all job site meetings and prepare meeting minutes
Implement all applicable policies and procedures for the projects
Conduct close out activities and assist with building occupancy
AIA, LEED, PMP, CCM or other related accreditations preferred.
Store Manager / Management Training Program
Our managers are our absolute
We are confident that we have
THE BEST Management Training Program
Salaried position; guaranteed $40,000 the first year
Very high ceiling for career-minded individuals
College Tuition Reimbursement Program for continuing education
High quality co-workers, employees and customers
Casual / uniformed work attire
Discounts on every gallon of gas
Customer Service and Relationship Building
Recruitment, Human Resources, and Employee Training
Retail, Convenience Store, and Gas Station Operations
We are looking for highly motivated individuals holding
Preparation of inventory assessments, analyses and reports
4+ years product management experience in a quantitative role
Experience building a game economy from the ground up
Experience with RPG/CCG's highly desireable
Strong analytical capabilities in Excel, with attention to detail
Outstanding written and oral communication skills
Understanding of UI/UX design concepts and principles
A passion for games and gaming
Bachelors Degree from a top university, MBA a plus
Sr. Technical Product Marketing Manager
What will you deliver at Skytap?
Support partnership-related technical product marketing activities.
Attend tradeshows/events to showcase and represent our technology.
What skills and experience are we looking for?
Technical undergraduate degree and/or a MBA preferred.
Create and manage project-related documents
Financial management and communication of project budget status
Facilitate effective workflow between project team members
Communication of project status to team and clients
Performs cross-functional task management for a given project
Ensures deliverables are complete and of the highest quality
2-4 years Interactive Project Management experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong interpersonal and proactive problem-solving skills
Proficient in Excel, Word and MS Project
Bargaining Unit AFT - NANCE
REQUISITE TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE AND ABILITIES INCLUDE:
Prepare correspondence and other materials.
Maintain calendars; schedule and confirm appointments.
THE FOLLOWING MUST BE COMPLETED PRIOR TO EMPLOYMENT:
Top Reasons to Work with Our Client:
Generous health, dental, and vision insurance
Short and long-term disability insurance.
What you will be doing:
A Successful candidate will possess the following:
Prior experience with scheduling software (possibly P3 or Surtrack.)
Plan, lead, execute and measure launches across product team.
Manage product collateral including figma.com, product demos, and training.
Clear, concise writer and communicator.
Interest in design and collaboration tools.
Advanced degrees are cool, work experience is better.
Competitive salary and equity package
Health, dental, and vision plans
Unlimited vacation time and generous holiday breaks
Culture of learning and development
Company sponsored job performance coaching program
Knowledge of health care marketplace.
Experience developing strong relationships with providers.
Must act as a champion for network providers.
Must be highly organized and self-directed.
Performs other related duties as assigned.
High level of organizational, planning, and time management skills
Ability to handle sensitive or confidential information
Minimum of 5 years in a knowledge management role.
Experience managing/leading the knowledge management function for an organization.
KM related certification, e.g., KCS certification
Experience with KM collaboration tools, specifically Jive
Component content management system experience, specifically Sharepoint and Ixiasoft
Familiarity with technical writing and/or DITA
Software in the Cloud. Experts on the Ground:
5+ years of hands-on GL experience
High Aptitude for Multi-tasking and learning
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Positive, proactive and professional communicator.
Willingness and flexibility to travel as required.
Strong technical skills/communication skills (written/verbal) are critical.
Proficient in Microsoft Outlook, Excel, Project and Word.
Organized with a strong ability to multi-task.
Ability to work well under pressure.
Youll Report To: Manager, Software Engineering
A typical day as an iOS Engineer might include:
Building prototypes at tech scoping stage of projects
4+ years of iOS application development experience
Experience with mobile APIs and frameworks
Experience with Git is a plus
Familiarity with Objective-C is a plus
Self-starter; oriented towards over-delivering on expectations
Exceptional analytical aptitude and attention to detail
Good organizational and problem solving skills
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Employee discounts for Saatchi Art and Society6
Negotiate and build consensus among project teams.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Sharp analytical and problem-solving skills.
Experience working with a geographically distributed team.
Experience working with research teams.
Familiarity using an OKR framework to track progress.
Education, Experience, Knowledge and Skills
Generally requires BA/BS Degree or equivalent work experience
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Ability to interview, formulate questions
Excellent organizational and project management and facilitation skills.
Ability to translate business requirements into technical specifications.
Position Title Technical Program Manager
Job Description JLL is looking for a
Adept at articulating technical implications to business users/stakeholders
Owning the program schedule from design to release
Detailed oriented to ensure that project success is paramount
Strong verbal and communication skills
Results oriented and with a strong customer focus
Org Marketing Statement About JLL
Experience of working in a diverse, multi-racial environment.
Solid understanding of freedom-of-assembly related challenges in the US.
Ability to travel regionally or nationally, if required.
Awareness of diversity, equity and inclusion practices and compliance.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Ability to multi-task, prioritize and work proactively and independently.
Must be proactive and a team player.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Relevant campaigning and coalition building experience preferred.
Ability to coordinate and work with volunteers and staff.
Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/amnesty-international-usa
US Government SATCOM or US Army Tactical Network experience
Please - no recruiters or staffing agencies
Title Director - Program Management
Strong communication skills across all levels of the organization;
Demonstrated Risk Management and Quality management skills;
reimbursement, fitness membership, and more. Visit our website at
Send This Job to a Friend
GreenbergFarrow is an Equal Opportunity Employer (Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans).
EEO is the Law Poster
Start Over with Job Search
Fulltime/Part Time: Regular Full Time
Excellent communication skills (verbal and written)
Highly organized, detail-driven and conscientious
Proficient in MS Office and MS Project
Opportunity to participate in multi-faceted customer research initiatives.
You have experience in defining and documenting product requirements.
You have strong project management, problem-solving and analytical skills.
Experience in development initiatives for productivity software.
Education and years of experience required:
Graduate degree in related field
Experience with remotely piloted air vehicles
Experience in Defense Acquisition program offices
Major Defense Acquisition Program experience
Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) Level III certification
3-5 years of data analysis experience.
Humility; a constant desire to grow and learn.
Strong proficiency in SQL (Oracle).
Capability to validate and accurately explain results of analysis.
Passion for innovation and excellence.
Hands-on experience with industry leading analytical tools (e.g., Tableau).
History of strategic re-engineering and process improvement.
MBA with focus in Finance, Information Systems.
Approve the extension of credit.
Drive reduction in Accounts Receivable aging by time bucket.
Monitor and manage credit limits on customer accounts.
Recommend and approve adjustments and settlements for customer accounts.
Monitor for potential fraudulent activity. Minimize fraud losses.
Prepares various credit reports for executive team.
Works with third party collection agencies.
Act as back-up and assistant for the Contracts Manager.
To Land This Gig You'll Need:
10+ years of experience in credit or financial analysis.
Strong interpersonal and written communications skills.
Exceptional judgment and decision-making skills.
Must be efficient in MS Office products.
Credit experience preferred with both commercial and consumer credit.
Knowledge of the Telecommunication or Software Industries.
3+ years experience engaging and influencing senior executives
Experience with agile or other program management methodologies
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Experience in taking complex products global
4-6 years of building construction experience required.
Knowledge of estimating, scheduling, and engineering principles and techniques.
Ability to read drawings and evaluate specifications.
Very strong English oral & written communication skills required.
Manage/Review Item set up and creation into SAP.
Manage Production EDI feeds to factory/freight forwarders, etc.
Manage weekly calls with overseas sourcing offices.
Review weekly status reports to monitor on time shipments.
Maintain notes for weekly production/merch meetings.
Manage new vendor set ups.
Minimum Order Quantity (MOQ) negotiations.
Work with Merch on new programs/commits.
Work with vendors daily on PO/shipment/delivery issues or changes.
Manage Factory Time and Action Calendar.
Maintain factory performance report card.
Approve Carton marking on shipments.
Understand and manage customer guidelines with overseas teams.
Track and obtain Direct Import (DI) documentation.
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and Outlook).
Good communication with business teams.
Ability to set priorities effectively and adhere to deadlines.
Ability to foster effective teamwork.
GBG USA Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Experience applying standard software lifecycle development methodologies.
Strong leadership, interpersonal, influence, negotiation, organization & communication skills.
Ability to influence senior business and technology leaders.
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience, Masters, a plus.
Project Management certification (eg: Master Certificate or PMP) preferred.
Regional Director/Senior Clinical Manager - Bay Area
Courage, Integrity, Collaboration and Excellence
Oversees clinical supervision to meet clinical staff certification/licensing requirements.
Reviews reports for clinical quality.
Attaining and achieving competencies in relation to role responsibilities.
Minimum Education & Experience Equivalent to:
Six Boxes certified Coach strongly preferred.
Able to consistently demonstrate good judgment and decision-making skills.
Knowledgeable and skilled in computer/word processing software and excel.
Knowledgeable and skilled in using EMR systems.
Ability to obtain CPR certificate
Frequent driving (to and from office and client homes)
Frequent proofreading and checking documents for accuracy.
Easterseals Bay Area is an equal opportunity employer
Revenue, margin, and share gain in North America
Completeness/strategic soundness of marketing strategies
Contribution to total North American marketing organization overall performance
Experience managing programs and program teams
Experience in the Retail Petroleum Service industry a plus
Demonstrated strategic marketing skills and leadership ability
Strong analytical skills to support quick and effective decision-making
Ability to deal with ambiguity and limited information
Team member who can create followership in the organization
Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills
Assist with digital advertising campaigns and metrics reporting.
Strong organizational, administrative, and time management skills.
2-3 years of experience working in print production.
Knowledge of print production and digital print processes.
Ability to handle confidential material appropriately.
Maintain electronic and physical files.
Apply quick and creative thinking.
Perform miscellaneous job duties as assigned by management.
Escalate issues, as necessary, to management on duty.
MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS / SKILLS
Minimum of 1 year call center experience.
Strong analytical, problem solving, decision making skills.
Meet acceptable attendance and performance standards.
Ensure the appropriate administration of member benefits
Manage and supports the on-going person-centered planning process.
Case Management training, certification preferred.
Minimum of three (3) years clinical experience.
Innovation, flexibility, and adaptability are key attributes.
Knowledge of CPT, ICD-9 and HCPCS codes
Strong interpersonal and decision-making skills
Coordinate escalation and resolution of major service issues
Provide additional support to existing production support procedures
Excellent understanding of multi-disciplinary nature of IT solutions
Demonstrated ability to apply technology solutions to business problems
Ability to foster internal and external business relationships
Beaverton, OR 97003 or Rocklin, CA 95765
Bachelors degree with 8+ years experience managing cross-functional teams
Manages capital project planning design and construction
Ensures effective utilization of Preferred Provider Network
Maintains relationships with authorities having jurisdiction
Ensures effective communication within CRE senior management
Experience with California OSHPD required
Excellent working knowledge of project budgets and control required
Experience managing IT infrastructure implementation in operational hospitals required
Knowledge in developing preliminary scope/estimates
BICSI RCDD- Registered Communications Distribution Designer
Progress the project schedule weekly
3 years IT project management experience
Successful history of accomplishments in a team environment Preferences
PMP Certification; PMI membership and participation recommended.
Establish business sponsors at the beginning of the initiative
Experience in (endpoint) security a plus
Prior development experience is a big plus
A passion for, and experience with, agile software development
The ability to identify high leverage activities
Affable personable and a propensity for team
Excellent written communication and presentation skills
Carbon Black, Inc. is an EEO/AA employer.
and patient care activities, initiatives, and protocols.
Provides input into the performance evaluations of team members.
Graduate of accredited school of nursing.
High School Diploma or General Education Development (GED) required.
Current California RN licensure required.
Master's degree in case management preferred.
Accountable for creating/developing product strategies
Propose product solutions that support overall business win strategies
Assist in development of SIS strategic plan
Accountable for Customer communications regarding product/technology roadmap alignment
Prepares and validates proposals for SHM products
Maximize reuse and promote technology roadmap
Product expert liaison for Customer and PLM
Structural Health Monitoring (SHM) product strategies
Customer satisfaction measures/Market Feedback Assessment
contract bookings for SHM product
W2 Direct-Hire Only - Visa candidates cannot be considerered!
Supervisory Responsibility No Direct Reports
The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications
Experience driving a high velocity, low-friction business model
Required Licensure/Experience Certified Medical Assistant
Job Category Worksite Health & Wellness Clinics
Heres the top 5 reasons why:
Assist with clinical exams, procedures, and labs
Conduct drug and alcohol tests
Inventory and stocking of supplies
Have a positive and outgoing personality
Be comfortable working in a clinic environment
Have a minimum of 2 years experience
Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills
To learn more about Medcors Culture click
Medcor is a tobacco free and smoke free workplace!
Manages and resolves human resource and risk management issues.
Academic degree in nursing required (Bachelor's or Master's degree).
Graduate of accredited school of nursing.
Current California RN license required.
Demonstrated interpersonal and management skills.
Previous experience with electronic medical record.
Participates in cross-functional departmental planning sessions.
Performs other duties and special projects as assigned.
Occasional work during non-business hours and weekends is required.
A High School or GED required.
An Associate's Degree in a related field preferred.
Intermediate - Demonstrated interpersonal/verbal communication skills.
Intermediate - Demonstrated ability to deal with confidential information.
Intermediate - Demonstrated customer service skills.
Intermediate - Demonstrated time management and priority setting skills.
Intermediate - Demonstrated written communication skills.
Intermediate - Ability to remain calm under pressure.
Intermediate proficiency with Microsoft Outlook required.
Intermediate proficiency with Microsoft Word required.
Intermediate proficiency with Microsoft Excel required.
Intermediate proficiency with Microsoft PowerPoint required.
Intermediate proficiency with Microsoft Project preferred.
Intermediate proficiency with Microsoft Access preferred.
ELDER SERVICES OF THE MERRIMACK VALLEY, INC.
Nutrition Site Coordinator - Salisbury
Take reservations, order meals and supplies as needed.
Recruit and train sufficient substitute site managers, schedule coverage.
Fill in as needed on open delivery routes.
Perform all other duties as assigned by your supervisor.
High School Diploma or equivalent
Ability to lift 25 lbs
ELDER SERVICES OF THE MERRIMACK VALLEY, INC.
Nutrition Site Coordinator - Salisbury
Take reservations, order meals and supplies as needed.
Recruit and train sufficient substitute site managers, schedule coverage.
Fill in as needed on open delivery routes.
Perform all other duties as assigned by your supervisor.
High School Diploma or equivalent
Ability to lift 25 lbs
Preference for individuals with demonstrated project management experience
Candidates must be fluent in English (written and spoken)
Make your work matter everywhere.
. For further information, please visit us at www.texascapitalbank.com.
Special projects set forth by management
Strong account opening and documentation experience required
Strong oral presentation and written communication skills
Proven experience working in a team environment.
Excellent problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Must be detail-oriented and comfortable working independently
You collaborate with our international team
You are comfortable in a startup environment
You are an effective and adaptable communicator
You negotiate like a pro
Spanish speaking is a plus
The chance to develop and implement your own ideas
Present plans, forecasts, and strategies in key meetings.
Basic retail math skill required.
Open Source (Angular 2/4, Node.js)
Data Recognition Corporation-Maple Grove, MN
Senior Software Developer (Angular 4, Node.js)
SQL experience (MSSQL, PostgreSQL or MySQL)
Proven experience working with Agile methodologies for delivering software
Ability to review and understand business requirements
Ability to review and create technical design documentation
Strong oral and written communication skill
Microservices architecture experience a plus, not required
Sails.js, Sequelize, and Liquibase experience a plus, not required
Puppet, Terraform, AWS experience a plus, not required
Education or Assessment related experience
Be able to work under supervision and accept feedback
Relate effectively and work respectfully with diverse work groups
Manage multiple job functions simultaneously
Position: Construction Services Project Professional / Group Leader
High School Diploma or GED, required;
No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.
Coordinate within teams for the flawless execution of projects
Ensure resource availability and allocation
Measure project performance using appropriate tools and techniques
Report and escalate to management as needed
Perform risk management to minimize project risks
Demonstrable experience of Scrum Management
Serve as a Coach and Mentor within the organization
Guide the SAFe initiatives through coaching and mentoring
Requires excellent oral and written communication skills
Know about the value of metrics and incremental delivery.
Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Exhibits high-performing levels of motivation, performance and personal integrity
PMP / CSM certification is a plus.
Rally / JIRA experience is a must
consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion,
or any other characteristic protected by law.
Own complete end-to-end delivery of our digital fulfillment portals
Identify technology trends, perform competitive analysis, and assess impact/opportunities
Bachelors degree a related field
Responsible for Patient/Family Support training.
Responsible for development/implementation of new volunteer programs.
Coordinates the Volunteer Training sessions.
Responsible for providing Volunteer support to the following areas:
Responsible for scheduling clinical volunteers for assignments:
Understanding of other compiled languages:
Provide support to employees in areas of job responsibility.
Maintain anti-virus software across all systems.
Maintain Commvault across systems needing backups.
Maintain Mobile Device Management system.
Support Paulo owned tablets and other mobile devices.
Install and maintain network cabling.
Perform work on various department projects.
Train and instruct users relating to the above areas.
Basic mechanical and electrical principles.
Ability to perform basic math operations.
Comprehension of hardware and software integration concepts and standards.
Thorough knowledge of computers and related hardware.
Proficient with Microsoft Windows 10/8/7/XP.
Proficient supporting and installing Microsoft Windows Server 2012/2008/2003.
Proficient with Microsoft Office 2016.
Experience with Cisco routers, switches, and access points.
3+ Years in similar information technology role.
Company-paid Drug Screen and Physical required upon hire.
Proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Director/Sr. Director, Regulatory Strategy, Infectious Diseases/Vaccines
Reviews all external materials for regulatory compliance.
Represent Regulatory Affairs on cross-functional project teams
BA/BS degree in a scientific/engineering discipline
15+ years of experience in the Pharmaceutical industry
Strong experience with CTD format and content regulatory filings
Exceptional written and oral communication
Experience with developing and implementing competitive regulatory strategies
Demonstrated competence in employee management and development
Regulatory knowledge in a number of therapeutic areas
Delivery of at least one major application (NDA/BLA/MAA/JNDA etc.)
As the Project Construction Sales Manager, you will:
Monitor customer satisfaction and propose / deliver corrective actions
Submit accurate and timely reporting of pertinent sales activities
Meet or exceed assigned volume and margin measurement
Proven success in field sales commercial construction markets
Ability to implement district selling strategy
Strong oral and written communication skills
In-depth knowledge of the commercial contractor segment
Ability to use prioritization skills
Lead and manage program management team
1st shift (United States of America)
Company Chevron Federal Credit Union
Lending Department and branch staff.
Minimum requirements for this position are:
Ability to quickly learn specialized software applications.
Builds strong relationships with business sponsors and stakeholders.
Identifies roles required for the Project. (PFG, HCL, Contract).
Follows the PMO methodology and document standards.
Execute the Innotas tool to manage project portfolio.
Acquires all required approvals for Project deliverable documents.
Works with the project team to develop contingency plans.
Contributes ideas or raises issues related to overall Project.
Performs other related duties as assigned
High School diploma or equivalent
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Able to travel 10% of the time
Bachelors in Information Systems, Computer Science or related area
PMP or CAPM certificates from PMI
Supervises assigned staff, including subordinate supervisors.
Coordinates development of deliverables and products.
Ensures quality assurance of project deliverables.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned.
Participates in special projects as required.
8-10 years of related experience, including supervisory experience.
Manager Safety Data Systems-Medical Safety and Risk Management
Manager Safety Data Systems-Medical Safety and Risk Management
Technical lead and SME for Argus safety database.
BS Computer science or equivalent qualification
Advanced knowledge of US and EU pharmacovigilance regulatory requirements
Strong planning, organization, written and oral communication skills
Ability to travel globally, as necessary
Identifies and manages project dependencies and critical path.
Demonstrated knowledge and experience in requirements gathering and development.
Broad knowledge of varied organizational disciplines preferred.
Employee must have experience demonstrating the
as they will have access to confidential information.
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification is preferred.
Identify project stakeholders, projectrequirements, and overall timelines
Document the communication plan,change management plan and escalation plan
4+ years of program / project management experience
Project Management Professional (PMP)certification preferred
Reacts to project adjustments andalterations promptly and efficiently.
Flexible during times of change.
Ability to defuse tension amongproject team, should it arise.
Ability to bring project to successfulcompletion through organizational dynamics.
Strong written and oral communicationskills.
Strong interpersonal and operationalskill sets
Must be able to learn, understand, andapply new technologies.
Strong Customer service skills andfocus required.
Tenacious, driven, energetic and ahigh degree of professional integrity.
Ability to organize, delegate andleverage resources to accomplish objectives
Ability to manage relationships withinternal customers
-Review project logs, proposal requests, change orders, etc.
Controlling processes for various operations (including safety & quality)
Sustained Training and Development program
Near miss, safety related incidences closed in
Two plus years in technical manufacturing background
Knowledge of production and testing equipment
Ability to derive statistical data
Ideal Team player- Centered H,H,S
Ability to multi-task and prioritize
Strong communication skills (written and verbal)
Some level of financial acumen
Translate marketing and user experience into technical engineering requirements
This position typically requires the following:
Proactively acknowledges all members as they enter the branch.
Performs other duties as assigned by management.
High School Diploma, G.E.D., or equivalent is required.
Must possess a professional appearance and demeanor.
Able to maintain the confidentiality of member information.
Must demonstrate the ability to multi-task and prioritize workflow.
May be required to complete Notary Public Commission requirements.
Constant repetitive use of the hand involving simple grasping.
Assistant Project Manager ? Trident Structures
Employee / Approval Authority Tier:
Assist assigned Project Manager(s) as necessary.
Read and understand all project contract documents.
Track and maintain key contract performance dates/notices.
Receive, confirm, and record job-site deliveries.
Take regular and as-requested photos of project related items.
Assemble / maintain turnover documents and redline drawings
Locate, purchase and pick-up construction materials as-needed.
Proactively identify and solve problems to minimize risk.
Preferred Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Understanding of all general construction trades.
Strong communication and organizational skills are essential.
Excellent attention to detail with emphasis placed on quality.
Relevant Experience: 3-5 years working in leadership position
Other knowledge, skills and abilities:
General accounting and budget preparation;
Relevant Experience: Management with Senior Care
We are currently looking for a
. The responsibilities of the Project Coordinator will be:
Writing summary reports in a clear and concise manner
Experience coordinating order issuance and order tracking
Excellent communication, organizational, and Word/Excel skills
Proactive and willing to initiate action, solution oriented
To apply please click on the "
Apply for this job online
" link above and submit your resume.
We are an equal opportunity employer (EEO).
Experience with mobile technologies and smart phone applications including:
Experience in SOAP and REST Web Services/SOA with JSON
Comfortable building new, innovative customer-facing MVP products from scratch
Support documentation of Feature Performance Requirements.
Support Validation & Verification efforts for assigned systems.
Keep abreast of industry trends, technologies, and best practices
High level of oral and written communication skill.
Strong understanding of major automotive subsystems and serial data.
Three or more years of experience in job-related area.
Masters/PhD Degree in Engineering preferred
Design for Six Sigma experience (Green Belt Certification) (Preferred)
Primary focus on Retail Bank Branch remodeling and retro-fits
Duration: Midterm (weeks to months)
PMP (US and/or Canada) and LEED AP preferred.
What you get to do:
Prepare and distribute accurate meeting minutes
Assemble close-out information including as-builts, warranties, etc.
Support request for proposals and participate in interviews
Recruitment Range $11.43 - $13.00
E-class Code 31 - FT Staff - Hourly Web
Position Classification Title Patient Coordinator
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Personal Characteristics
Knowledge of medical terminology and procedures
Knowledge of insurance plans and referral procedures
Knowledge of office practices and procedures
Ability to operate various office and medical equipment
Ability to operate personal computer with various software programs
Ability to work with constant interruptions
Ability to maintain records and files
Required fields are indicated with an asterisk (*).
The Aspen Global Leadership Network
Travel to conference sites and provide staffing as needed.
Create a relationship management program for Fellows Assistants.
Process invoices, expenses, reimbursements, etc. in a timely manner
Ensure Fellowship website content is up-to-date and accurate.
Be dynamic, handling multiple tasks at once.
Care deeply about personal interactions and Fellow experience.
Manage logistics during seminars and events.
Be personable, professional, mature and helpful.
Personable, professional, mature, and helpful
Strong organizational skills with keen attention to detail
Open communication style and 100% reliable
Efficient and creative problem solver
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Reports To: Sr Manager- Digital Media
Process invoicing and monthly account reconciliation across business accounts
Generate source codes for search campaigns for analytics tracking
Assist with weekly/monthly paid media reporting for key stakeholders
Create and maintain library of paid media collateral
Working with marketing managers towards achieving Business Unit goals
1-2 years of previous marketing experience
3+ years of previous marketing experience
Previous history with research and reporting
Basic knowledge of SEO concepts
Knowledge of ISACA and its Purpose and Promise
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Multimedia skills and proven experience
Ability to present new ideas, approaches and information clearly
Outstanding attention to detail and organizational skills
Ability acquire new knowledge quickly
Commitment to company purpose and values
Proficiency in Microsoft Office products (Word, Powerpoint, and Excel)
Must be able to travel up to 5%
Formal Program Management training or certification preferred.
requests for accommodations in the application process
*Experience in the development of training materials.
*Experience facilitating groups and delivering presentations.
*Clear and concise interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
*PC proficiency to include Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
*Ability to work with all levels of the organization.
*Bachelor Degree in Business, Health Care Administration or Marketing.
*Knowledge of managed care/insurance operations.
*Expert level Power Point development
*Proven experience working with leadership effectively at all levels.
Typical Tasks and Representative Duties
Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency
Negotiated LANDMARK Acquisition Office Support (AOS).
Towers Crescent (12066), United States of America, Vienna, Virginia
Director, Product Management - Personalization
Maybe you should be here, too.
Bachelors Degree or military experience
At least 7 years of consumer product management experience
At least 5 years of experience managing people
At least 3 years of Agile Product Management experience
Leading financial services or technology company experience
Drive issue problem diagnosis, option generation and resolution management
Actively contribute to overall IT strategic planning activities
Develop and lead an internal team of direct reports
Experience implementing and/or managing an SAP ERP environment
Strong interdisciplinary, influence, and networking skills.
Good Organizational Skills, including program/project management governance
Project Manager - Plymouth Meeting, PA
Conduct internal and external post mortem reviews and reports.
Educated to BA or BS Degree level
Exposure to eCOA is preferred
Excellent in Planning & Organising
Serve as primary Owner/Contractor interface.
Overall project responsibility from preconstruction to close-out.
Proven ability to train and develop subordinates.
Overall quality of each project constructed under his/her supervision.
technical skills and knowledge Required
Proficient with database information flow/costing software (CMIC)
Knowledge of AutoCAD, Revit, and other BIM software
LEADERSHIP AND COMMUNICATIONS SKILLS REQUIRED
Selects, supervises, trains, motivates, assigns, counsels, and disciplines staff
Excellent written and oral communicator
REQUIRED EDUCATION AND WORK EXPERIENCE
Presumes all skills and experience listed for Project Manager
Volunteer Coordinator- 4 Days per week
Ability to build and nurture customer relationships
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively
Able to work in a fast paced team environment
Availability to be on call
Excellent organization and planning skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience in the service industry
Knowledge of federal and state safety and health regulations
Understanding of computer programs such as Microsoft Office
Ability to build and and nurture customer relationships
Availability to be on call
Critical thinking and problem solving ability
Drive and determination to meet HCR sales goals
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Knowledge of the material handling industry
Strong listening and presentation skills
Principal Radiation Oncology liaison with the DF/HCC Biostatistics Core
Member of the DF/HCC Clinical Trials Leadership group
Member of the Radiation Oncology New Technology Committee
Consult on issues related to the legacy JCRT databases
Participate in disease-specific research meetings as necessary
Ability to handle multiple projects efficiently
Excellent managerial and organizational skills
Familiarity with grants, budgeting, and contracting is helpful
The capability to perform the functions described in
Ability to follow management lead in project support efforts.
A proactive nature with proven ability to solve problems.
Excellent business and technical analytical skills.
Proficiency in project management software (MS Project).
Proficiency in graphics software (MS Visio).
Confidence in speaking at project meetings.
Knowledge of document management software (such as SharePoint).
Working knowledge of Oracle implementations.
Create PMO documentation consistent with Client policies.
Assist the Project Managers/BPAs in PMO duties.
Assist Project Managers with budget forecasting documentation.
Developing accurate and thorough project plans
Maintaining budget, schedule and quality controls
Proactively managing client expectations throughout production life cycle
Mitigating conflict and promoting collaboration
WE'RE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WITH:
Experience delivering large product redesigns:
A history of excellence in craft:
An ability to deconstruct complexity
Understanding that product design is more than just pixels:
Veteran status at shipping products:
10+ years of professional experience:
Tech, design studios, consulting, or advertising backgrounds all qualify.
Experience with motion graphics, video production, or typeface design.
Experience in building responsive web and/or native mobile prototypes.
Experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, or Objective C.
Interest in finance or personal finance
Flexible vacation policy with uncapped time off
Working with the broader team to ensure high-quality deliverables
Proven analytic and problem-solving skills required
7+ years in product management
Very strong (written and verbal) communication and presentation skills
Strong interpersonal skills leading and contributing to cross-functional teams
Experience in fast-paced environments with overlapping projects/deliverables
BS/BA in technical field or business, with MBA preferred
Ability to travel up to 50%
Request internal support from company as needed.
Review all project purchase requisitions, change requests.
Maintain official project logs and documentation files.
Adhere to BCC Safety Program.
Perform additional assignments per company executive direction.
Bachelor Degree in Construction Management or related degree preferred.
5 years project management experience in similar type construction.
Thorough knowledge of commercial ground-up construction.
Excellent communication, organizational, planning skills required.
Research and develop expertise in key operational processes
Facilitate UAT planning and testing
Work within the Agile framework
1-3 years experience as a business analyst
Ability to adapt as business needs change
Data analysis and problem-solving skills
Demonstrated organization and planning skills
Ability to manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment
Previous Financial or Banking industry experience preferred
Understanding of Accounts Payable processes preferred
Prior Big-4 consulting experience highly desired
Coordinates creation, maintenance, and tracking of Project Schedules
Coordinates identification, mitigation, and tracking of Project Risks
Coordinates Project Scope Management process
Owns development of Project Management Plan
Promotes teamwork within the program.
Bachelor's Degree in technical field.
Advanced MS Office skills. Demonstrated proficiency with MS Project.
Director of Community Relations and Development JobID: 1577
West Michigan Academy of Environmental Science-- W
Please visit our web site at www.foodbankcenc.org.
Recruit, schedule, train and recognize volunteers.
Foster an environment that is friendly, productive and safe.
High school diploma or GED
Must be able to obtain forklift certification
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Must be able to represent the Food Bank professionally
Demonstrate knowledge of Microsoft Office
Strong customer service and organizational skills are necessary
Some relevant work experience is preferred
General office and warehouse environments.
This position is currently accepting applications.
Strong messaging, content development and writing skills
Strong cross-functional stakeholder communications and engagement
Strong analytical skills to measure and optimize programs
Ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment
Experience with audience and market strategy
Serves as a member on project teams.
Identifies regulatory requirements in each country.
Communicates with regulatory agencies on administrative and routine matters.
Develops and maintains regulatory files and records.
Reviews promotional material and labeling for regulatory compliance.
Proven analytical abilities and organization skills(attention to detail).
Ability to work well in a team environment.
Ability to comprehend technical documents and concepts.
Proficient computer skills (i.e. MS Office).
BS/BA degree in Science, Engineering or Medical Technology.
Collaborate with sales and marketing on go-to-market activities
Manage intelligence on established and emerging competitors
Equally important, they will embody our Core Values:
Exceptional problem-solving skills, including quantitative and qualitative analytical ability.
Innate ability to build cross-functional relationships.
Education, Certificates, Licenses, and Registrations:
Embrace the ideals of servant leadership?
Get chills when a team really clicks?
Have a penchant for getting things done?
Act as Scrum Master for one or two teams
Facilitate team meetings and Scrum events
Foster open and honest team communication
Enable team productivity as a servant/leader
Coach on story slicing and backlog management
Drive continuous improvement of process and practice
Help build good practices in our software delivery programs
Excellent communication, facilitation, and coaching skills
Familiarity service-oriented environments, and better development practices
For more information about Fannie Mae, visit http://www.fanniemae.com/progress
Mentors and actively execute on developing TAM skills.
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent required
4 years of related experience
Solution Implementation / Product Management
Fannie Mae is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
BLS for Healthcare Providers required
Current South Carolina RN license required
$7,500 sign-on bonus available for qualified candidates
Medical Intensive Care Unit (MICU)
Continuously assesses and documents staff performance.
Implements and maintains standards/rules/procedures in compliance with regulatory/hospital requirements.
Participates with development/implementation/evaluation of unit and department PI programs.
Top Workplace by the Washington Post
100 Best Places to Work - ComputerWorld Magazine
50 Best Places to Work - The Washingtonian
50 Greatest places to Work - AARP
Best Place to Work Award Recipient - Lincoln, NE
Gold Well Workplace - Wellness Councils of America
State of NE Governor's Wellness Award - Grower Level
Will report to Supervisor, Claims
Career Track and Level: Business Support, Level 2
Experience working with group medical/dental/vision insurance plans, preferred.
Able to speak the English language fluently and clearly
Americans Disability Act (ADA) Requirements
Proactively anticipating and removing impediments that obstruct team progress
Provide and publish daily burndown charts
Own and facilitate daily, 15 minute, stand up meetings
A passion for Agile development practices
Understanding of application architecture principles
Experience of working with an Automated Testing Framework
Experience of creating/writing detailed test plans and tests
Skilled at analyzing and solving problems.
Resourcefulness in getting over problems and establishing clarity.
Personal Competencies & Behaviours required:
Managing time, projects and resources
Ad-hoc Flexibility in Working Hours
Advanced use of Source Code Control systems (SVN, GIT)
Experience with Salesforce Platform Technologies
Minimum four (4) year degree and/or equivalent military service.
Demonstrated experience working with Microsoft SQL Server.
Proficiency of the Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Experience with virtualization solutions and thin clients.
Experience with mass storage devices and systems (SAN, NAS).
MCSA Microsoft Certified Systems Associate
Department of Defense Clearance of SECRET
Ability to be certified in all 50 states
Project Manager in Rochester, NY
Bachelor Degree in Science or Healthcare related field preferred
Willing to travel globally as necessary
Ability to work well in a team environment
We offer a competitive benefits package
Experience with Google Analytics and SQL (a plus)
Humility; a constant desire to grow and learn
Reading Blueprints, Specifications, and Construction Documents
Estimating, Pro Forma Budgeting and Bidding
Management of Multiple Superintendents on Multiple Projects Simultaneously
Resume must also include salary requirements or salary history
DIRECT REPORTING: Director Product Line
Other duties as needed and assigned.
Solid analytical skills and solution-driven thinking.
Ability to communicate effectively across mediums, audiences, and situations.
Experience projecting, monitoring, and managing financial resources.
Demonstrated ability to influence others and impact change.
Work environment includes front-office and manufacturing.
We are an E-Verify participant.
TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER - PERM - TAMPA, FL
-Proven experience working in entrepreneurial or start up environments
* Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit)
* ATOP - Accrued time off program
* Consultant lunches and outings
* Dedicated Consulting Services Representative
Hays is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
We are looking for a passionate
Manage Authentication Management solutions in the product portfolio.
Manage the full lifecycle of the product.
Define and track key business metrics for product.
Experience with authentication management (AM) and/or IAM.
Experience in healthcare related field.
Agile Scrum experience as Product Owner.
Track record of launching successful new products to market.
Passionate about solving problems in innovative ways.
Up to 10% travel required.
Ensures effective management throughout life of engagement as follows:
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.
May consider an equivalent combination of education and experience.
CAPM, ITIL, and/or technical certifications.
Excellent technical writing and customer interaction skills.
The Greeley and Hansen Recruitment Center
00515: Senior Project Manager (New York City & Northeast)
Office Location: NY - New York
We have an outstanding opportunity for an experienced
You champion the cause of our users
You have experience delivering mobile (native & web) products
You are savvy with agile software development practices
You have excellent verbal & written communication skills
You have experience working with digital advertising products
Bachelors degree in a technical field (CS/Math/Stats/OR/Eng), MBA preferred
3+ years in a consumer-facing PM / TPM role
Why Work at Kohler Co.?
. Kohler Co. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
Manage multiple client implementations simultaneously
Interpret and understand client business requirements
Maintain knowledge of departmental processes and procedures
Multifamily Housing experience is preferred
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office products
Outstanding verbal and written communication skills; excellent presentation skills
Minimal travel may be required; less than 10%
Demonstrated history of successfully meeting objectives and deliverables.
This position has responsibility for:
Act independently to determine effective methods and procedures.
Direct and manage project development from beginning to end
Develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents
Liaise with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis
Determine and assess need for additional staff and/or consultants
Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel
Identify and manage project dependencies and critical path
Track project milestones and deliverables
Competent in project management, governance formulation, and team management
Working knowledge of risk management, standards, and policies formulation
Expert in financial management and organizational change management
Identify, assess and implement project improvement alternatives throughout assignment.
Leads internal steering committee meetings.
Responsible for management of large and small Capex projects
Position in based in Bristol, PA
Travel required 20% of time, including international travel.
BS in Chemical Engineering, Electrical or Mechanical Engineering
Prior experience in large project implementation a plus
Experience working in an international environment a plus
Want to send these Job Details to a friend?
Primary Consideration Date for Open Until Filled
STDT AFFAIRS OFCR 5 SUPV EX
Department Profile (Specific Information about department/program):
End Date/Contingencies for Grant Funding
FOC (Federal Occupation Code) Sub-Code
B-Professionals (e.g., SAO, Analyst, Computer Network Technologist)
Advertised Range Min (full time equivalent)
A little help? Go to Salary Scales
Advertised Range Max (full time equivalent)
Other Advertised Salary Range Comments
8:00 am - 5:00 pm
A little help with Contracts? Go to Employment Agreements
Is this a NEW CAREER position?
(Note: This summary will be used for keyword search)
Masters degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Direct budget, supervision and management experience.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Ability to use sound judgment and political acumen.
Satisfactory completion of a fingerprint background check
Mandated reporting requirements of child abuse
Other Special Conditions of Employment
A little help? Go to Exempt vs. Non-Exempt Employees
A little help? Go to Degree of Supervision
(Note: This summary will be used for keyword search)
Frequently=Activity occurs 33% to 66%
Occasionally=Activity occurs Not Applicable=Activity does not exist
Lifting Activities: Light lifting (
Lifting Activities: Moderate lifting (20-50 lbs)
Lifting Activities: Heavy lifting (>50 lbs)
Push/Pull Activities: Light pushing/pulling (
Push/Pull Activities: Moderate pushing/pulling (20-50 lbs of force)
Push/Pull Activities: Heavy pushing/pulling (>50 lbs of force)
Is exposed to excessive noise
Is exposed to marked changes in temperature and/or humidity
Yes 40 Daily MANAGEMENT & OPERATIONS/DATA MGMT & ASSESSMENT
Yes 20 Daily FISCAL MANAGEMENT & DEVELOPMENT
Yes 20 Daily PROGRAM DESIGN & COLLABORATION
Streamline in-person and online services.
Yes 20 Daily PERSONNEL & SUPERVISION
Hire, mentor and lead a product management team.
Serve as a lead on demanding, multi-team, cross-functional projects.
Maintain a current understanding of industry and technology trends.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field
15+ years of software development experience
5+ years of OOP/D and distributed systems experience
Experience with database systems will be a big plus
Help prepare project deliverables including charters, schedule and budget
Report and escalate to management as needed
1+ years of experience in project coordination or management
Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Why we love G2 Crowd
Georgia-Pacific is seeking an experience
A Day In The Life Typically Includes:
Partners closely with Operations Manager to advance mill results.
Ability to foster and develop culture (Market Based Management).
Demonstrated strong written & verbal communication skills.
Proficient in CMMS (Computerized Maintenance Management System).
A minimum of 5 years of experience supporting maintenance
A minimum of 5 years of supervisory/Management experience
Basic financial and statistical skills required
Experience using Microsoft Office Suite
Supervise, train and motivate employees
Exercise independent and discretionary judgment
What Will Put You Ahead?
Experience in the Pulp and Paper industry
Experience leading root cause failure analysis
Experience making data driven decision
Experience implementing precision maintenance techniques to improve equipment reliability
Want to learn more about
Get to Know Georgia-Pacific Cellulose (Video)
Salary and benefits commensurate with experience.
We are an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran
In this role, you will:
Manage the sourcing and development process of new products
Champion the needs of the customer and business stakeholders
Experience in New Product Introduction for physical products
Comfortable working with product teams using Agile development
Motivated, dynamic, analytical and results-oriented
Possess strong decision-making and prioritization skills
Monitor grade and customer profitability levels.
Establish quality targets for new or developing market opportunities
Provide routine quality and service feedback to operations.
Assist with any Accounts Receivable collection issues.
Recommend travel and entertainment budgets.
Monitor and approve travel and entertainment spending.
Recommend broad market pricing decisions.
Authorize and approve price changes.
Consumer products or paper industry preferred.
Financial analysis acumen in a manufacturing environment required.
Minimum five (5) years in a supervisory role.
Ability to prioritize focus areas and manage time effectively.
High energy, entrepreneurial, self-motivated to grow business.
Reports to Director, Quality Assurance
Identify, track and report initiative risks
Develop, execute and maintain iteration commitments
Document and report iteration results
Attend development inspections & reviews
Conduct design and development walkthrough with team members
Provide weekly status reports to the Management
First level Scrum Master certification (CSM, PSM I)
Second level Scrum Master certification (CSP, PSM II)
Applicable knowledge of the technologies used by the team
Previous experience as a team lead
Someone has to build up that infrastructure (Network)
Someone has to check the Live traffic
Someone has to do Provisioning
Consistent growth potential through company leadership programs
Competitive and robust benefits and compensation with Bonus potential
Access to a full service cafeteria
Position Responsibilities (including but not limited to):
Resolve issues and solve problems throughout the project lifecycle.
Implementation of projects using the Software Development Lifecycle model.
Ensure project documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately.
Experience managing and performing data center migrations is desired
Job Posting:Sep 7, 2017, 9:45:41 AMUnposting Date:Ongoing
has an outstanding opportunity for an
to join the Holman family!
Maintain a prospect development system.
What are we looking for?
High School diploma or equivalent
Previous auto experience is a plus
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work retail hours; nights and weekends
Research and evaluate new processes, methods, practices and materials
Develop and maintain program metrics and outcomes reporting
EEO is the Law (English)
EEO is the Law (Spanish)
Experience working with section 508 accessibility and compliance
Expressive Lighting is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Manage Superintendent/CAD construction drawings to insure appropriate installation.
Monthly financial projections for each project assigned.
Monthly progress billing for each project assigned.
Maintain all submittal, drawing, correspondence, and change logs.
Price, budget, track, sell, and collect all proposed changes.
Purchase all materials per Prism SOP
Prepare, organize, and manage material buyouts.
Track major deliveries to jobsites.
Assist Superintendent in production tracking and analysis.
Prepare all outgoing correspondence as needed.
Project schedule analysis. Issue notices and alerts as required.
Effectively partner with jobsite Superintendent.
Organize and submit job closeout documentation. (As-builts, O&M?s)
Proven people management, process management, and performance management skills
Attention to detail and problem solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong budget tracking, labor tracking, and scheduling skills
Proficiency in information analyzation and budget setup
Proven people management, process management, and performance management skills
Attention to detail and problem solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong budget tracking, labor tracking, and scheduling skills
Proficiency in information analyzation and budget setup
Software Engineering lifecycle experience preferred
Infrastructure and data center operations
Experience defining and adopting Project Management Office (PMO) practices
The job requirements are as follows:
College degree with manufacturing (5 years) experience preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Must be highly organized and detailed oriented
Ability to work independently and take direction from others
Savings plan with company contribution
Accrued vacation and personal time
Ensures critical issues are identified and tracked through resolution.
Will possess excellent written and verbal communication skills
Intermediate to Advanced skills in Microsoft suite and Project.
Familiarity with Project Management best practices
Familiarity working in Agile environment.
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) a plus.
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) a plus.
Certified SAFe Practioner a plus.
No 3rd Party Vendors, please.
To learn more about us, please visit us at
ACCOUNTABILITY: We hold ourselves accountable for all our actions.
III.Delivers personalized service using HM Service Standards
Maintains ICARE values and confidentiality in all communications.
Conducts front end revenue cycle duties per protocol.
Accountable for ongoing professional growth and development.
2. Demonstrates adaptability and flexibility during changing demands.
High school diploma or GED equivalent required.
Minimum 2 years experience in healthcare related environment.
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED
Activity Checklist attached (see below)
Houston Methodist is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Perform periodic audits of clinical study files for completeness
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Able to manage multiple tasks
Experience working with clinical data and databases (desirable)
Support the team and enable collaboration
Facilitate and guide Scrum events
Manage the Sprints and Sprint Schedule
Experience with Unit Test-Driven Development and Acceptance Test-Driven Development
BS or MS in a relevant field of study
Strong customer focus, excellent problem solving and analytical skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Experience with other Agile/Lean practices (e.g., Kanban)
Own the development of detailed product requirements documents.
Experience with the Android operating system.
Then we invite you to apply!
Booking and scheduling shipments with our carrier partners
Tracking shipments from start to finish
Resolving issues quickly and efficiently
Negotiating daily freight and shipping rates
Developing and maintaining carrier relationships
Communicating with customers, carriers and brokers
Maintaining office organization and efficiency
Strong communication and negotiation skills
Exceptional customer service and problem solving skills
Attention to detail and highly motivated
Team player with multi-tasking and prioritizing abilities
MS Office proficiency and related computer knowledge
Dont forget our core values:
Display the highest level of integrity
Possess a "do whatever it takes" attitude
Work in a fun and rewarding atmosphere
Enjoy working in a collaborative, team-oriented environment
Are resourceful and results driven
Atlanta Business Chronicle (2010, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016)
as one of metropolitan Atlanta's fastest growing, privately-owned companies.
NTG is headquartered in Roswell, GA and has
regional offices in the following cities:
NTG is an Equal Opportunity Employer
You will prepare proposals, minutes and presentations for clients.
Project Management Certification a plus.
Knowledge and experience of AIA/RIBA contract documents.
Experience with managing budgets and multi-disciplinary teams.
10+ years industry work experience required in the following:
Managing teams (e.g. individual mentoring, career management, engagement management)
Advanced proficiency in Word, Excel, Access and Powerpoint
C. Product Launch and Support
Training Requirements (licenses, programs, or certificates):
Pragmatic Marketing Product Management certification preferred
Silicon Valley Product Group (SVPG) coursework preferred
Training Requirements (licenses, programs, or certificates):
Product management or management consulting background a plus
2-4 years in product management
Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to influence without authority
Excellent presentation and facilitation skills
Up to 10% travel required
Work in clean, pleasant, and comfortable office setting
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.
Previous team leadership experience desirable.
5+ years full lifecycle Program or Project Management experience.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills.
Comfortable in a fast paced, growing environment.
Works as a member of a team.
Essential Functions of the Position:
Facilitating discussion, decision making, and conflict resolution.
A wide degree of creativity and latitude required.
Reports to the program manager.
May perform other duties as assigned.
Ability to work with a team environment.
Excellent communication, organizational and interpersonal skills required
Additional Skills (desirable, but not required):
Excellent communication and mentoring skills.
Physical Demands and Work Environment:
Some light physical effort required.
Travel in local area might be required
Encompass Community Services has been serving
deliver quality, culturally competent, cost-effective services through our five
areas of focus: Children and Parents, Youth 16-24, Housing/Homelessness,
Re-Entry from Incarceration and Behavioral Health.
Programs provide early childhood education, social services, and parent
Start/Early Head Start, State Pre-School programs.
join our Administrative Team! We are currently
and facilitating their need for assistance
and coordinates conference room reservation requests
keeping/documentation within required deadlines, into program specific software
May assist with events and training (set-up and
break-down), invitations, refreshments, food, presentation materials and
General clerical tasks as needed, per direction
exercise discretion when speaking of clients and colleagues.
Two years of related experience (similar level of
responsibility) with intermediate computer literacy skills and ability to
Flexible work schedule to support program needs
Excellent organizational skills including attention to
Ability to work independently in a dynamic environment and
as an effective team member
Ability to present information concisely and effectively,
presentation including composing written message/notices to staff from verbal
direction, via e-mail or hard copy
Manage sensitive and confidential information with
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to relate well
to diverse individuals including: clients, staff, board members, community,
Strong verbal and written English communication skills;
Criminal Record, Physical examination and TB clearance
Flexible schedule that may include evenings and weekends.
welcome from all qualified candidates.
Position is opened until filled.
If we find that your qualifications
Exceptional verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills.
Must have strong organizational and time management skills.
drive the future of health care
Program Coordinator - Norfolk, VA
Primary duties may include, but are not limited to:
-Proficient in MS Excel and MS PowerPoint
We are looking for people who
100% employer paid medical, dental and vision insurance
$14K education allowance per year
6 weeks paid time off
The duties include, but are not limited to:
PROTEUS is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer-M/F/D/V
Email me jobs like this
Send this job by email
Previous Navy operational submarine experience
Experience working with Newport News, SOSG and NAVSEA
The desire to learn, grow and lead.
Commitment to get the job done.
Senior Product Manager, Performance Center
Strong communication and leadership skills essential for delivering results
A self-starter who is able to work independently
Bachelor degree in related field
Demonstrable knowledge of hospital pharmacy operations
2+ years of healthcare software and services experience.
In this role, you will:
Own the short-term road-map for MVPs and quarterly releases
Conduct customer and stakeholder interviews and elaborate on personas
Must be willing to travel 10% of the time
Experience in building scalable and highly available distributed systems
Able to work under minimal supervision
United States; California; San Ramon
Define the product strategy and roadmap
Be an expert with respect to the competition
Develop the core positioning and messaging for the product
Perform product demos to external customers
Set pricing to meet revenue and profitability goals
Deliver a monthly revenue forecast
Develop sales tools and collateral
Propose an overall budget to ensure success
Act as a leader within the company
Demonstrated success defining and launching excellent products
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority
Must be able to travel 20% of the time
Full INC Research/inVentiv Health benefits which include:
Generous paid time off and company paid holidays
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision package
Referral bonuses and other personalized quality of life conveniences
social, mobile and online concepts and executions.
experience and design work across projects.
wire frame layout and template development/testing (browser and platform
agencies/vendors to help establish the creative/marketing objectives,
strategies, tactics and final, required creative executions.
Enable team to deliver agile projects effectively.
Maintain a positive creative culture
resources, talent, methodologies and philosophies.
5+ years experience in design, development or prototyping experience
Strong clean visual design sense
Experience in UI development for at least 2 platforms
Must have design portfolio to present for review
Solid understanding of digital development principles including
responsive/adaptive design, user experience, accessibility and content
Excellent communication, team-building and presentation skills are a must,
described essential functions of the job.
The work environment is representative of an office setting.
to perform the described essential functions of the job.
Note: This document describes the minimum, essential duties, responsibilities,
modification to accommodate individuals with disabilities. Some functions may
and safety of themselves or others.
Tax Defense Network is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Create the world's most addictive small business loyalty experience
Single handedly drive forward the customer engagement product roadmap
Define and measure the end-to-end lifecycle
Proven success delivering product features on-time and within budget
Experience creating product specs and working collaboratively cross-functionally
Strong communication, organization, and prioritization skills
Entrepreneurial spirit, self-starter, successful in unstructured environments
Tracks, collates and maintains inventory of marketing materials.
Other duties may be assigned.
No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position.
You Might Be a Fit If
Independent and quick learner with exceptional attention to detail.
Develop, maintain and report KPIs effectively
Collect and report on market and competitive intelligence
Achieve weekly, monthly, and quarterly goals and defined objectives
Strong manager that can motivate team to achieve objectives
5+ years of business development management experience
Experience prospecting / soliciting to enterprises (Fortune 500 companies)
Comfortable mentoring new or junior BDR staff
Multi-industry, and event industry experience is a plus
**THIS JOB ANNOUNCEMENT CLOSED ON APRIL 16, 2015**
STAR Communities is seeking a
Other Desired Skills and Qualifications
Experience working in or with the local government sector;
Excellent organizational and verbal communication skills;
Experience in performance management or performance based budgeting desired;
Experience with web design and social media;
Understanding of technical aspects of sustainability and strategies required;
Subject: Program Coordinator Search_Last Name
Instruct, direct, coach and monitor staff.
Oversees internal and external project turnover meetings and processes.
Manages quality and project performance.
STAFF DEVELOPMENT AND RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT:
Supports a strong working relationship between sales and operations.
Direct appropriate personnel actions (i.e. hiring, firing, promotions, etc.)
Responsible for training, development of department employees.
Regularly review operating policy, procedures and methods.
Establish policies and procedures necessary for Operations administration.
Ensure existing Risk Management/Loss Control procedures are carried out.
10 years of Commercial HVAC experience preferred
5 years of operations and strategic management experience
Advanced budgeting and financial forecasting acumen.
Type or Copy/Paste Requirements here
From: Haynes Mechanical Systems Inc
Looking for a job? Dream big. We did.
See you at the top.
The successful candidates must have the following:
2-Passion to explore and innovate with new raw materials.
10+ years Scientist role & formulation experience
Ability to use sound judgment in handling unanticipated situations
Excellent project management and communication skills
Passion for the beauty industry
Korean language preferred but not required
Eventually manage 1-3 product managers.
Experience in developing, managing, and launching large-scale software projects
Ability to be data-driven, quantitative and rigorous
Outstanding communication and presentation skills.
What we offer in return:
401k plan and commuter benefits
Candidate Tasks and Activities That Must Be Completed
Develop a comprehensive project plan and schedule.
Strong analytical and organizational skills.
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.
Builds strong relationships with business sponsors and stakeholders.
Identifies roles required for the Project. (PFG, HCL, Contract).
Follows the PMO methodology and document standards.
Execute the Innotas tool to manage project portfolio.
Acquires all required approvals for Project deliverable documents.
Works with the project team to develop contingency plans.
Contributes ideas or raises issues related to overall Project.
Performs other related duties as assigned
High School diploma or equivalent
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Able to travel 10% of the time
Bachelors in Information Systems, Computer Science or related area
PMP or CAPM certificates from PMI
Excellent organizational and analytical skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Proficiency in multi-tasking and prioritizing projects.
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
The successful candidate will be also be responsible for:
Managing self-performed complex repair and restoration projects
Developing and managing schedules in collaboration with field leadership
Developing and maintaining strong customer relationships
Strong leadership skills to effectively train and mentor others
Amec Foster Wheeler currently has exciting opportunity for a
Overseeing the development of project budgets, schedules and reports
buildings, efficient energy solutions, integrated infrastructure and next
the promise of smart cities and communities.
on our buildings and energy growth platforms.
For additional information, please visit www.johnsoncontrols.com or follow us
responsibilities include but are not limited to:
assigning and directing workloads of product managers, appraising performance,
rewarding and disciplining product managers.
the regional Product Marketing Managers (EMEA, APAC, LATAM, NA)
goals for each product in the video product line.
metrics to measure effectiveness and drive improvements, participation in
and manage relationships with customers.
cost-out and value engineering initiatives with roadmaps, address complaints
global sales, engineering, manufacturing, sourcing and other functions.
The Director of Product Management reports to
the Product General Manager. The
Marketing, related filed or equivalent experience required.
Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center
TECHNICAL SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIRED
Familiarity with database information flow/costing software (CMIC)
Knowledge of AutoCAD, Revit, and other BIM software
LEADERSHIP AND COMMUNICATIONS SKILLS REQUIRED
Selects, supervises, trains, motivates, assigns, counsels, and disciplines staff
Excellent written and oral communicator
REQUIRED EDUCATION AND WORK EXPERIENCE
Lead investigation reports due to Equipment failure, (deviations/complaints).
Lead Customer Complaints investigation reports due to Equipment failure
Identify equipment improvements and establish implementation plan
Identify packaging process improvements and establish implementation plan
Performs related duties as assigned.
Installation, operation, performance and maintenance of packaging equipment.
Advanced electronic/optical verification systems installation and maintenance.
Project team leadership, supervision and training methods and techniques.
Business, scientific and personal computer hardware and software applications.
Business English usage, spelling, grammar and punctuation.
Designing packaging engineering processes for pharmaceutical products.
Communicating clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing.
Managing multiple projects, duties and assignments.
Operating scientific and personal computers.
Establishing and maintaining cooperative working relationships with others.
Refers particularly complex issues to higher levels for resolution.
Works on moderately complex problems and projects.
Seeks ways to enhance team and work group performance.
Collaborates within and outside area of responsibility.
Accommodation for Applicants to SunPower Corporation
Translate concepts to production-ready scripts.
Maintain client brand guidelines and copy standards.
Manage multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines.
Managing client, customer, and sponsor relationships
Serve as a capture manager for strategic bids
Manage and contribute to proposal responses, including pricing
Further CACI market presence in Charleston
Coach, lead and evaluate project managers and other staff
Manage subcontractor agreements, resources, and expenditures
Managing risks and issues and taking corrective measurements;
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Salesforce certification as required by role upon hire
Proven track record of success with sales enablement efforts
Strong writing and communication skills
Knowledge of PowerPoint & Keynote
Ability to digest complex information
Experience developing web and/or mobile experiences for multiple audiences
Excellent verbal and written communication and persuasion skills.
Strong technical understanding of Internet technologies.
MBA desirable, but not mandatory
Experience working closely with Sales and External B2B Customers
Proven experience delivering complex products to market.
Experience using Agile development methodologies
Experience as project manager in a software development environment
Strong leadership, project management, communication and facilitation skills.
Excellent analytical and creative problem solving skills
Experience in Healthcare or with Health Information Exchanges.
Experience with full-cycle project management of software development projects
Senior Product Manager, Business Messaging - Boulder
Exceptionally clear and precise communication
Strong quantitative background to support data-informed decision making
BA/BS in a relevant field or equivalent experience
5-10 years of product management or similar relevant experience
Demonstrate mastery of the Backstop Solutions product suite.
Train clients on Backstop software.
Meet internal/project timelines and overcome project hurdles.
Achieve quarterly utilization targets for billable hours.
Balance internal engagement with client expectations and project deliverables.
3-5 years of experience required.
3+ years in alternative investment industry.
1+ years of project management/consulting experience.
Web and in-person training experience.
Proven ability to engage and delight clients.
Excellent organization, time management, and communication skills.
From: Backstop Solutions Group LLC
Marketing & Project Management Intern
Take ownership of each project assigned
Translate data and analyses into clear, professional products
What You Bring to Us:
Proficiency with Photoshop and InDesign
Why We Want You On Our Team.
20 hours/week located in Greenbelt, MD
Job Applicants Only!!! - No Staffing Firms/Recruiters!!!
The type of experience we are seeking:
Experience with scope definition, issues and risk identification
Ensures compliance to and audits HACCP plans
Performs GMP audits and ensures compliance
Develop SQF / ISO procedures
Train employees on SQF / ISO procedures
Provide oversight and direction on quality systems
EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree in Science related fields.
Quality personnel at these facilities.
Lead Consumer/Customer Complaint Reduction Teams
Implement improved Housekeeping/ Inspection Methods
Lead 5S initiative implementation in quality labs
Innovation- lead in plant stage gate-quality testing
Participate in Capability studies/Challenge studies
5-8 Quality Assurance Managers as direct reports
This position travels extensively between facilities.
THIS ROLE IS FIELD-BASED, WORKING FROM A HOME OFFICE.
Masters degree in Business or Health Care Administration
Develop significant product knowledge of items being supported
Available for up to 25 percent travel
Advanced Microsoft Applications, specifically Excel, Word and Outlook.
Counsel clients and troubleshoot client and internal issues
Write statements of work (SOWs)/statements of objectives (SOOs)
Provide weekly status reports and briefings, as required
Manage diverse groups across all computer support disciplines
Program Manager course (or equivalent experience) is required.
Formal training covering JSIG/DCID security principals is desired.
DoD 8570.01-M IAT-II Certification (e.g., Security+ or better)
Understanding of the Government organizational hierarchy
Electronic Warfare mission data development familiarity is desired.
Ability to quickly adapt to new situations
Ability to work effectively with strong, diverse personalities
Demonstrated ability to offer exceptional customer service
Outstanding verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Strong commitment to team environment
Minimum Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Required
Ability to project and maintain a professional image
Excellent communication, interpersonal and customer service skills
Ability to excel in a team-based care environment
Proficient computer skills and knowledge of electronic medical records
Knowledge of medical terminology and medical office procedures
Enters accurate reservations and changes into the computer
Attend department meetings as scheduled.
Any other tasks / duties as requested by management
Working Conditions & Physical Effort:
Manage all system design and configuration changes.
Leadership of a campus recruiting program a plus.
Demonstrated strong analytical and quantitative skills and experience required.
Flexibility to travel required; travel may be frequent.
Reports directly to: Director, Sourcing or Senior Sourcing Manager
management. Periodically, prepare and issue Supplier Management Scorecards.
All other duties as assigned
Strong written and verbal communications skills.
Ability to influence others to drive decision-making
Demonstrated ability to conduct detailed market/supplier research and analysis
Draft sections for deliverables and proposals.
Post-secondary degree required; graduate degree preferred.
Interest in government contracting and/or evaluating government programs.
Budget analysis and/or project management experience.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Leadership and mentoring of staff
Staff supervision, quality control, workload and staff planning
Maintenance of project schedules, budgets, and invoicing
Oversee employee performance, providing regular feedback and recognition
Provide excellent and responsive client service
Professional Engineer (PE) registration in Maryland required.
Excellent organizational and delegation skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Passionate about building an open, get-it-done, culture
Curious about products and how they work?
Hungry to understand customer needs?
7+ years product management experience
2+ year in a management role
Engineering or CS undergrad preferred
Native Mobile app product experience
Proven track record of shipping great products
Deep practical experience in agile methodologies and tools
Executive Director/Consumer Account Management Lead(Job Number: 006137)
: I am the chief collaborator, change-agent and
relationships, identifying business challenges and solutions, and growing
business. I set an inspiring and
work. I remove barriers and celebrate
the success of my clients and my team. I
Responsible for not only building business, but also
Seamlessly integrate and act as an Ambassador for
digital/social media and influencer capabilities in every engagement.
Have financial acumen and understand what success of
the agency and the businesses you oversee looks like.
Generate $500,000-M$1 in new business wins or organic
Lead or be actively involved in business development and
Function as the last stop in taking responsibility for
Continuously raise the bar to develop yourself and
Set clear objectives and expectations for your team
Reward your team members for strong performance.
Actively solicit feedback and educate yourself to
Viewed as a strong, respected and inspiring leader by
Define your success in the success of your direct
Create an environment that ensures the productive
career development of your team members:
Respect differing points of view.
Maintain a sense of humor.
Encourage curiosity and ongoing learning (especially
Cultivate and maintain a productive client
Earn and command, the respect and confidence of key
and client executives. Touching base
Offer unsolicited ideas, thinking and counsel that the
Continually merchandise the value of the agency to the
Proactively address issues, obstacles or conflicts
digital, research and other internal teams.
solutions for the clients business.
Stimulate and challenge your team to deliver powerful
Use experience and forward-thinking to identify and calculate
Support your team in protecting the big idea.
Have the ultimate responsibility for profit and business
growth for the Catalyst community.
Have a proven track record of developing and
presenting dynamic, charismatic and persuasive presentations.
clear, logical and persuasive manner with any audience.
Leverage and ensure that data/analytics and insights drive
decision-making for planning and input to real-time engagement.
Grow client remit beyond media relations or
Participate in IPG growth initiatives and have a clear
Golin is proud to be an Equal
Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Golin recruits qualified applicants
origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual
orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
Join Our Team! >> Sr. Project Manager
to add to our team in Livermore, California at
Analyze, approve and update various project and area schedules
Ensure and review consistent documentation of job activities
Analyze, understand and communicate (internally) the company's contractual responsibilities
Oversee and approve monthly project cost and revenue forecasting
Review and approve purchase order commitments for projects
Knowledge of collective bargaining agreements and various union operations
Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills
Proven track record of successful contract negotiations
Strong leadership and mentoring skills
Must have valid driver's license with clean driver's abstract
Prefer certification in CPR, AED, First Aid, OSHA 30
Defines and manages scope, budget, timeline, and resource requirements.
Provides cross-functional communication and coordination.
Complies with enterprise project management standards.
Monitors project execution and escalates project issues as necessary.
Documents project decisions and project meetings.
Maintains a flexible work schedule.
Perform other duties when assigned.
Four year degree or equivalent professional experience and/or qualifications.
Five or more years of project management experience required.
Demonstrated strong customer focus and client relationship building skills
Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills
Formal project management training or certification preferred.
Must be able to travel in a limited capacity.
Minimum 2-years in marketing, technology, and/or SaaS solutions preferred
Stellar communication skills; verbal and written
Past examples of sales excellence and collaborative/consultative selling
Adept at social media and interest/acumen in digital marketing
Familiarity with form, contact, and automation tool (Marketo)
Competence in SEO initiatives and measurement (Google Analytics, Linkdex)
Basic Photoshop (Creative Suite) skills
Equity opportunities for all employees
Best-in-class medical, dental, and vision insurance
Company sponsored long term disability
Lots of restaurants and amenities nearby
Full time role, based in Austin.
Plans and issues schedules and material requirements.
Participates in special projects as required.
2-5 years of related production planning experience.
Ability to read mechanical drawings.
Ability to obtain a security clearance.
Experience in managing multiple projects concurrently.
Familiarity with environmental regulatory business processes and practices.
For more information about Cogent, visit www.cogentinfo.com.
Please direct any questions about the position to careers@cogentinfo.com
Participates in annual performance management process
Oversees the completion of annual salary surveys
Other duties and/or projects as assigned
Analytical skills, high proficiency with Excel modeling & formulas
Strong oral and written communication
Experience with Executive compensation a plus
Expert Proficiency in MS Excel, PowerPoint, Word
will include the following responsibilities:
Help create new member onboarding flows and education
Gather feedback from users and conduct user testing
Carry out competitive analysis and research
3+ years product management and marketing experience
Engineering or design background is a strong asset
Strong demonstrated sense of customer service.
Query databases for troubleshooting testing scenarios
Other benefits of the role include:
Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance
401(k) Retirement Plan with a company match
Professional Associations, Conferences and Subscriptions
Keywords:Software developer, software implementation, development, computer science, hardware, travel
High School graduate or equivalent
We are currently seeking a
Manage complex engagements to meet critical deadlines
Manage administrative tasks associated each project
Attention to detail alongside an excellent memory
o Write and speak exceptionally well
Background in software or networking
Understanding of security assessments a plus but not required
Fluency in Spanish would be a plus.
Learn from customers their every want, need and desire
Experience working for a SaaS company
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Proven ability to work autonomously
Why It Rocks To Work For Us!
Fun and exciting corporate culture
Manage product development from initiation to closure
Identify weaknesses and help improve existing processes
University degree in business, technology or a related field
1-3+ years work experience in product management
Benefits include company sponsored 401K, with company match
Salary: Competitive, based on experience
Job Title Physio-Control - Brand Manager - Redmond
Percent Travel Required Up to 30%
Job Description / Information GENERAL SUMMARY:
Adheres, without exception, to Corporate compliance and ethics policies
Superior communications, analytics, and professional presentation skills
Superior business acumen related to financial analysis and reporting
Superior detail-orientation with strong conceptual/creative thinking skills
Up to 30% travel may be required
May require long hours during peak project period
Propose and execute tests that drive business growth
Identify, select and manage optimal outbound email delivery system
Track and report on email marketing KPIs per expectations
Support marketing and sales teams with ad-hoc reporting requests
Experience with Paid Search Marketing and Google Adwords
Familiarity with Google Analytics and metrics reporting
Ability to navigate a matrix-managed and geographically dispersed organization
Ability to synthesize input from multiple teams and individuals
Action oriented self-starter with commitment to delivering with excellence
Pardot experience required (Saleforce a plus)
Google Analytics and/or Google AdWords certified
Comfort navigating a matrix-based organizational structure
Familiarity with web optimization and management
Experience in retail industry and/or technology
HTML programming skills a plus
Senior Americas Event Marketing Manager
Manage all event logistics pre show and onsite.
50 % of the time, domestically
Exceptional communication and program management skills
Experience directly managing and tracking large budgets
Follows a metrics driven, analytical approach
Must be highly detail-oriented with extensive project management experience
Flexibility to adapt to sudden changes in direction
Social Marketing Intern - LA Clippers (Los Angeles, CA)
Job Responsibility including but not limited to
Answers phones courteously and promptly
Aware of store goals and sales figures.
Executes reductions, price changes, transfers and cash register routines.
High School graduate or equivalent preferred
Ability to lift in excess of 20 pounds
Exceptional customer service and interpersonal skills
Ability to recognize and execute selling opportunities
Ability and willingness to run a cash register
Excellent communication and organizational skills
Lively interest and knowledge in fashion and design trends
Passion and drive for retail industry
Ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment
Ability to manage time and prioritize
Non-Exempt, Hourly (Part-Time or Full-Time)
Glynn County has a Tobacco Free Hiring Policy.
Glynn County is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
As a member of the Core Marketing Team,
Valid drivers license. Must be able to travel
We are looking for individuals who are interested in
Responsibilities of an Account Manager:
Establishing new sales opportunities in an exciting environment
Respond quickly to customer needs, requests and problems
Training will be provided in:
Prior customer service or sales experience is a plus
Ability to smile, laugh and have fun!
Candidates with interest in the following industries should apply:
Manage projects of moderate to high complexity.
Supervise and mentor project managers and other team members
Knowledge of middle Tennessee regulatory process is preferred;
No candidate/recruiter calls, personal calls or walk-ins accepted.
Wide Open Pets, Wide Open Eats
20% - Prospecting perspective clients for the network
20% - Outreach to perspective clients to kick-start conversations
Fast-paced and dynamic, but casual, startup environment
Develop and monitor preventive maintenance systems
Approve all maintenance & repair invoices for payment
Quickly respond to all property emergencies 24/7
Industry accreditation and/or designation preferred
Must be highly organized, motivated, self-starter
Demonstrate leadership and interpersonal skills
We are powered by our people.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Proven success working with large revenue-generating business customers
KEY KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Experienced at successfully multi-tasking a variety of priorities
Conference Scheduler maintenance in Outlook
Budget tracking of all COD associated with conferences/events
Ensure all materials are compliant
Complete registrations and book hotels for all conference attendees
Communicate conference details with the sales team and/or attendees
Pre-conference packet, dine arounds, promotional opportunities, target list development
Assemble all room drop packages
Submit all sponsorship invoices for payment
Coordinate all dine around details
Third party vendor communication & form completion
Coordinate room drop, registration bag items through IMR
Send event materials to meeting location
Being able to provide additional support as needed
College Degree or equivalent work experience (4+ years)
Proficient in all Microsoft Office applications and Salesforce.com
Create individualized prospective client outreach packets
Manage and respond to all incoming new business communication
Sales Pipeline Tracking and Analysis
Institutional Investor Engagement (busier during proxy season)
Assist with outreach and engaging with institutional investors
Participate in calls and take live notes
Establish relationships with key contacts in investor community
Sound business judgment and common sense
Strong written and oral communication skills
Translate and localize content from English to Korean
Brainstorm, write, and test ad copy
Build, maintain, and organize a library of creative assets
Conduct market research to advise marketing strategy
Professional demeanor and positive attitude
Strong writing and communication skills
Proactive, entrepreneurial, creative and collaborative
Associate or Bachelors degree a plus
The CME Grant Development Manager will be
You will have the opportunity to:
Streamline processes, maintain records, and cultivate grantor relationships
It's all about helping people.
Flexible schedule for field clinicians
with elected officials, business groups, local agencies, and community
organizations throughout southern California. This includes
overseeing all planning and implementation logistics.
Serves as a leader on working
near and around Memorialcare Health System locations (including hospitals,
medical group locations, ambulatory surgical centers, etc).
events in new clinical and pediatric sites.
community partnership and engagement programs to enhance and support
level. This can include leading health summits, briefings, and
legislative bills, regulations and policies.
comprehensive and informative tours and/or presentations for community groups,
public officials, and other elected officials at MHS locations.
legislative contacts and association memberships for Memorialcare Health
Leads in the implementation of
counties and cities. Coordinate with Memorialcare Health System
Hospital staff on community outreach, community benefit, and marketing.
building trust in MHS catchment areas.
Five years or more years
conflict resolution, neighborhood organizing, and multi-party negotiations.
staff of elected officials and governmental bodies. This include
providing public presentations and briefing staff/elected officials/agency
implementing all event logistics for educational briefings, tours, roundtables
California state and county legislative process.
business, community and nonprofit committees.
programmatic logistics to developing budgets.
California elected official and or a nonprofit organization preferred
proficiency in MS Word, Excel, Power point
Ability to multi task on
and spreadsheets for planning events or projects.
public health, political science, communications, public administration or
Masters a degree a plus.
Oversees scheduling, staffing and training of event support staff
Research and identify successful event and revenue growth opportunities
Possesses creative thinking skills and detailed oriented
Ability to work well in teams with flexible schedule
$30,000 to $40,000 / Year
+ Bonus Potential + Benefits
Popular concept - Voted "Best of CT" numerous times
Opportunity to be creative and continue building brand awareness
Aggressive growth plans in place
In this newly created position, the
Essential Duties & Responsibilities of the Restaurant Marketing Coordinator:
Develop innovative marketing program ideas
Coordinate program set-up and roll-outs
2+ years experience Marketing a Restaurant
Outgoing, friendly and upbeat personality
Organized & great at multi-tasking
Must maintain a professional appearance at all times
We are currently seeking a Marketing Specialist.
Mange the region's event sponsorships, memberships and trade affiliations
Build relationships with local media outlets and community organizations
Proactive and strong work ethic
Attend planning and scheduling meetings as required
Ensure that budgets are adhered to on marketing campaigns
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work on own initiative
Knowledgeable about current music trends and market trends
Prepared to travel internationally as required
Experience of liaising effectively with labels, Managers and Artists
Universal Music Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
DIRECTOR OF CATERING EVENT SALES
College degree or equivalent experience
and budgeting, departmental profit loss analysis, sales contracts.
all markets (i.e., meetings, tour and travel, incentive, corporate.
and allocation of resources to achieve desired results.
a healthy environment for productivity.
catalyst for change and continuous improvement.
to achieve results and be successful
term which requires prudent long term thinking.
Proficiency in Delphi, Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Ability to prioritize and organize work assignments; delegate responsibilities.
Ability to promote positive work relationships with all departments
Ability to focus attention on details
Ability to work without direct supervision
through both formal and informal documents.
Catering Sales and Marketing budgets and forecasts.
increase revenue through added business volume and increased rate.
through personal sales calls, telephone contacts and written communications.
Increasing business volume during difficult periods
Increasing local food and beverage banqueting sales
Supporting and facilitating development and execution of marketing plans.
Prepare marketing materials for each proposal.
Assembly of draft and final documents.
Track state and local solicitation websites for potential opportunities.
Efficient in MS Office software.
Proficiency with Adobe creative suite.
Ability to manage multiple activities within established priorities.
Must be goal oriented and a self-starter.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment.
oEnsures needed succession and recruiting planning occurs
Responsible in creating the needed Sales and Marketing culture:
Lead outreach and sourcing of various agency partners
Support content development and education initiatives
Good collaboration skills, and a history of solid teamwork
Ability to motivate others to set and meet quotas
Strong verbal, written, and presentation skills
Why Start in the Management Training Program with us?
Professional and Personal Growth and Development
Learn Several Facets of Running a Business
Learn How to Develop yourself as a Leader
Get Entry Level Experience and Build their Resumes
Build media plans based on brainstorms
Pulling Avails from Google DFP for media plan completion
Revise media plans based on advertiser feedback
1 year + experience preferred
Comfortable juggling multiple tasks; ability to prioritize responsibilities
Enjoy working in a collaborative team environment
Thrives in an extremely fast-paced, deadline oriented environment
Location: Cross Creek Apartments- RES47941
Strong Communicator both oral and written
High degree of flexibility and tolerance for change
Minimum of high school diploma, Bachelor's degree preferred
General office, bookkeeping and sales skills
Extremely computer literate, including Microsoft office Suite
Previous experience in a supervisory role is helpful
WE ARE CURRENTLY LOOKING TO FILL ENTRY-LEVEL POSITIONS IN:
Our company believes that strength comes from
Develop and maintain targets of opportunities.
Prioritize effectively and in accordance with corporate objectives.
Build strong market development activities:
Deliver timely and accurate fulfillment of Sales Administration duties:
Maintain routine telephone contact with Business Unit Director.
Recognize and rapidly respond to changes in internal/external environment.
Stimulate change and champion new initiatives.
Bachelors degree required (MBA preferred)
Must reside in the North Central Region
Supervisory or management experience, preferably of a sales staff.
Demonstrated record of achievement in a prior sales position.
Proven oral, written, telephone and presentation skills.
Solid knowledge of clinical and/or laboratory market environment.
Proficient with MS Office programs.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Ability to work independently and in a team environment.
Holds a valid drivers license for state of residence.
Legal Counsel Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Manage relationships with outside legal service providers.
Communication (written and verbal in English)
Legal Counsel Required Knowledge & Experience:
J.D. from accredited Law School
Amendments to the Job Description:
Marketing campaigns, lead generation, and ROI tracking
Support the management and execution of partner-provided sales tools
BA degree (preferably in Business, Marketing, or Communications)
Outstanding oral and written communication skills
Strong analytical skills working with spreadsheets
Proficient in Microsoft Office (especially Excel)
We thank you for your cooperation in this matter.
Three (3) years of complex event coordination experience
What you will be doing
Assist with orientations and exit interviews.
Assist with associate awards & recognition programs.
On time and at work when scheduled.
Attend department meetings as scheduled.
Any other duties / tasks as requested by management.
One or more years of employment in related position.
Familiarity with hospitality industry practices preferred.
Ability to maintain confidentiality with tact, diplomacy, and discretion.
layouts following established guidelines for assigned projects in accordance
with corporate identity and brand values.
Job Responsibility including but not limited to:
Manages the process of creating floor
following established guidelines in accordance with corporate identity and
Agents, Store Planning Manager, Store Development Managers, Interior
Coordinators and Construction Managers to ensure projects are completed
Handles the store planning process for
Collaborates with construction teams and
architectural teams to ensure that the design maintain established
regulations set by local, state and federal jurisdiction.
Ensures that all plans and supporting
documentation are complete, accurate and meet all established corporate
standards and all deadlines are adhered to.
Maintains good records of all
correspondence related to assigned projects.
Takes on CAD super-user responsibilities
years of retail design experience.
Strong graphic, written and oral skills
Strong project management skills, with
proven experience in handling multiple projects at one time.
Team member who acts and make the
decisions based on the values of H&M.
Demonstrates a high degree of personal
dedication to providing top-quality work
Microsoft Office, including Outlook, Word and Excel.
Must be able to travel both
international as well as domestic (20%).
Meet sales performance targets and operational excellence standards.
Ensure flawless execution of C2 programs and initiatives.
Ability to organize and manage multiple responsibilities successfully.
Demonstrates an attitude of helpfulness, support, and service.
Has a desire to grow professionally.
Background in sales / education / hospitality / retail
Understanding college admissions process and/or local school system preferred
FX Networks is seeking an Assistant to support three
executives in the Marketing department. Responsibilities include answering
phones, scheduling meetings, and organizing schedules.
Provide administrative office support to three executives.
Duties include answering phones, scheduling meetings, organizing schedules,
handling expense reports, creating presentation decks and tracking spreadsheets,
making travel arrangements, gathering mail, arranging couriers, and archiving
Provide office support for Marketing department. Duties
IT on computer issues; and assisting with temporary staffing,
messenger/courier, framing and various other needs.
Four-year college degree in Marketing or Digital Media focus
At least 1 year of administrative experience in television
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
of personalities, and demonstrate professionalism and confidence when dealing
with show producers and talent via phone or in-person.
fast-paced environment and handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
Strong computer skills with Microsoft Word, Outlook and Excel,
including the award-winning Louie, Baskets, Better Things and Atlanta.
cable home to The Simpsons, the
We are an equal opportunity
Student Brand Ambassador - Georgetown University
world leader in test preparation
As a Student Brand Ambassador, you will:
Extra spending cash. Our SBA positions pay
To live your life. With a
flexible 5 hour per week schedule
To become an expert. With our
Kaplan is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Strong project/campaign management and execution skills.
Desire to take initiative and work independently.
Problem-solver with solid analytical skills.
Superior interpersonal skills with a customer-focused mindset.
* Promote sales through education of specific vendor products.
* Provide and Set up product display tables.
* Implement and distribute IRC's point of sale materials.
* Other miscellaneous duties assigned.
* 1-3 years of sales experience.
* Must be able to stand for 4 hours.
* Must have table to set up at store.
* Must have computer at home.
Acosta Sales & Marketing is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Responsible for managing overall campaign calendar.
Audit advertising and media placements to ensure accuracy.
Review third-party advertising to ensure adherence to brand guidelines.
Provide guidance for contract negotiations and agreements.
Manage Marketing Toolkit for third-party marketers/sellers.
Report on performance of third-party sellers against goals.
Robust business acumen and experience.
Innate self-motivation and power to self-manage.
Keen discernment with the ability to identify inconsistencies.
Aptitude for establishing partnerships: external, internal and cross-departmental.
Ability to accurately estimate expenses and maintain budgetary parameters.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office; experience with iOS preferred.
Excellent in written and verbal communication
Proficient in Microsoft Office Tools (especially Excel)
A college graduate with a Bachelor's degree
and search for VP Product in New York, NY
Recruit, inspire, and develop team members.
It might be a match if:
Bonus points if you have:
Experience with business applications (sales, marketing, recruiting, advertising, etc.)
Working knowledge of relational, No-SQL, graph databases and SQL.
Working knowledge of API design and distributed backend systems.
Experience with machine learning and big data platform.
Analyze department data to increase performance.
Evaluate time off requests and process payroll.
Advise and educate the membership regarding financial best practices.
Conduct meetings, huddles, and training sessions.
Perform other duties and required and/or assigned.
Position requires a four-year degree or equivalent work experience.
Proven passion for developing and leading people.
Requires two to three years of experience in leadership.
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills.
Ability to adapt to changing priorities and environment.
Ability to develop and motivate staff.
Proven ability to support a strong member service culture.
Ability to maintain high degree of confidentiality.
Performs other related duties as assigned by management.
NECESSARY KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES (KSAs) and TALENTS:
Knowledge of business principles and practices.
Knowledge of basic construction is helpful
Skill in reading, writing (legibly), and oral communication.
Ability to learn insect identification and General Pest control
Possess talent and personal traits:
PHYSICAL DIMENSIONS for Lifting, Carrying, Pushing, Pulling:
Routine maintenance of existing applications.
Development of new web based applications.
College degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
Solid background with web based application development.
Perl and/or PHP and shell scripting.
Fundamental understanding of system administration a big plus.
C, C++ experience a plus.
A fun and empowering culture
The training opportunities to maximize your ability
Medical + Dental + Vision benefits
Monthly team meetings and fun events
commitments with integrity and passion.
repairs, body work and/or inspections.
all maintenance of units and vehicles.
routine maintenance and cleaning activities on the mobile units.
size, measurements, settings, repairs/upgrades completed, etc. and furnish
comprehensive reports to management and other appropriate entities.
daily yard checks of West Coast facilities.
unit truck maintenance activities (schedule or unscheduled).
trailer preventative maintenance and/or inspections are completed timely and
light mechanical functions as needed.
within Federal Motor Carriers Safety Administration (FMCSA) regulations if
to all departments as necessary.
performance of the Driving Staff.
California or be willing to relocate.
strong organizational and communication skills.
Must be willing and able to lift/push/pull up to
not seek to do over 50 lbs. without assistance).
combination of education and experience will be considered.
of state and federal transportation laws and regulations.
of industry standards regarding safety.
and deadlines and ability to multi-task.
and attentive to safety and federal laws.
What you should have to be successful
Ability to work 20-25 hours per week
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Detail orientated with superior organizational and analytical skills
Bonus Points if you have experience in
Google AdWords or Bing Ads
Friday lunches, beer fridge and a dog-friendly office).
Duties may include, but are not limited to:
Sorts and distributes mail; answers routine correspondence.
Tracks PTO/vacation for the department.
Demonstrated ability to handle highly confidential information
Thorough knowledge of the organization, personnel and policies
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Self-starter with willingness to take initiative
Demonstrated ability to work independently with limited supervision
Proven ability in planning, prioritizing, and organizing diverse workload
Title: Federal Marketing Manager (Consultant - Part-Time)
Manage the social media handle for @HortonworksGov
Clean lists for import to Marketo.
Create Marketo campaigns and emails.
Post events to our website and internal calendars.
Localization & translation of campaigns.
Inventory tracking & reorders of collateral and giveaways.
Search & securing of venues.
Availability to travel up to XX% of the time.
Complete other duties as assigned to meet company goals.
2+ years event planning/management experience
1+ year experience working with Salesforce.
1+ year experience working with Wordpress.
Familiarity with ExpenseWire, Allocadia, Attend, and BrightFunnel.
Familiarity with GoodData & Engagio.
Verifiable history of working with C-level clientele.
Experience with account-based marketing techniques.
Meticulous tracking & organization skills.
For more information, visit www.hortonworks.com.
Manage content on event websites, landing pages, registration, etc.
Establish and manage all timelines for each event.
Update calendar of events and key milestones
Maintain database/library of creative assets and publications
Liaison between marketing and other departments/key stakeholders.
Assist with executing contracts with legal department.
Ability to manage multiple simultaneous projects.
Ability to accomplish projects with little supervision.
Fantastic customer service ethic and high expectations for quality.
Must be able to work weekends and holidays.
Real Estate knowledge a plus.
Experience in the hospitality industry is a plus.
Professional dress and demeanor are required at all times.
What are we looking for?
To apply for this position, you must have:
Ability to work with a team
Great ideas to spark new interest
Maintain personal relationships with your customers
Performance with a fun-loving attitude
Marketo and Salesforce Program Management:
Awesome communication and analytical skills.
3 to 5 years experience in Marketing roles
Experience using landing page tools
Experience with HTML/CSS or Wordpress
Full health, dental, vision insurance
Life insurance & disability coverage
Generous equity grants and competitive salary
Responsible for managing overall campaign calendar.
Audit advertising and media placements to ensure accuracy.
Review third-party advertising to ensure adherence to brand guidelines.
Provide guidance for contract negotiations and agreements.
Manage Marketing Toolkit for third-party marketers/sellers.
Report on performance of third-party sellers against goals.
Robust business acumen and experience.
Innate self-motivation and power to self-manage.
Keen discernment with the ability to identify inconsistencies.
Aptitude for establishing partnerships: external, internal and cross-departmental.
Ability to accurately estimate expenses and maintain budgetary parameters.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office; experience with iOS preferred.
3) Coordinates \"in-house\" outdoor skills workshop program
4) Coordinates external and internal Public Relations activities
10) Follows all Company Policies and Procedures
High Schools Diploma or Equivalent
Conservation and outdoor experience / appreciation desired
Public speaking ability is preferred
Other Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Good Planning and Organizational skills
Engaging, developing, and maintaining relationships with target prospects
Fully articulating the Safari value proposition to prospective customers
Logging all communications in CRM database
Near Term Goals and Objectives - Measures of Success
Develop, build and manage internal relationships
Experience self-generating customer leads and exceptional follow-up skills
Track-record of selling complex transactions with multiple parties
Outstanding organizational and people skills
Understanding of engineering and renewable energy systems preferred
Executive presence, outgoing with strong communication and presentation skills
Quick learner and highly intelligent
Analytical problem solver who views obstacles as challenges
Creative thinker who generates new and different ideas
Self-motivated, self-starter who can work independently when necessary
Graduate degree in a related field
At Southern Management, people come first
Completing a new lease and conducting a move-in orientation
Working on a marketing survey with the Property Manager
Meeting with a vendor to discuss an advertising partnership
Planning the upcoming resident pool party
Comprehensive benefits that are way above the industry average
Desire to lease the apartments and close the sales
Creative marketing and persuasive sales skills
Superior customer care, verbal and written communication skills
Ability to build positive working relationships
A precise attention to detail
Extra awesome if you have:
Experience and skills in managing Social Media marketing efforts
Dollars back on eye exams, lenses and frames
Group Term Life and AD&D Insurances
Rental Discounts at our apartment-home communities
Uniforms and weekly cleaning services for service team members
Process and track event sales
Coordinate event logistics, timelines and schedules
Serve as Event Manager when necessary
Passion for events and brand promotions
Job Listing ID: 1951265 Job Title: Community Manager
Application Deadline: Open Until Filled Job Location: Portland
Date Posted: 10/06/2017 Hours Worked Per Week: 40
Duration of Job: Full Time, more than 6 months
You may contact this employer directly.
Having difficulty using this button?
Park Terrace, 315 N Alberta St, Portland, OR 97217
A driver's license is required
Job Classification: Property, Real Estate, and Community Association Managers
occupation report for more information about wages,
employment outlooks, skills, training programs, related occupations, and more.
Experience Required: At least 2 years
Education Required: None Minimum Age: N/A
Required education: Bachelor Degree or Higher
123_BAE SYSTEMS Info&Elec Sys Intg
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security
*Understand common attack vectors and exploitation
*Familiarity with SANS top 20 critical security controls
*Ability to read and interpret pcap data
*Familiarity with concepts associated with Advanced Persistent Threats
*Covert channels, egress and data exfiltration techniques
*Understand propagation of malware in enterprise environments
*Understand covert channels, egress and data exfiltration techniques
*Understand the foundations of enterprise Windows security including:
-Windows security architecture and terminology
-Common mitigation controls and system hardening
-IDS monitoring/analysis with tools such as Sourcefire and Snort
*Ability to generate comprehensive written reports and recommendations
*Ability to write professional emails
*Ability to write and tune Sourcefire/Snort rules.
*Experience with ticketing systems such as Remedy, JIRA
*Eligibility to obtain security clearance
Demonstrated analytic skills (ROI, profitability, customer segmentation, etc.)
Proficient SAS programmer (SAS certifications a plus).
Proficient with MS Excel, MS PowerPoint.
Strong written and verbal skills are a must.
Launch automated email campaigns based on customer behavior/purchase history
Utilize Salesforce for customer segmentation
Stay up to date on email marketing best practices
Communicate promotions with service/operations teams
Bachelors degree in related field
Basic understanding of HTML/CSS for creating emails
Detail-oriented with excellent communication, organization, team-work and follow-up skills
Experience with CRM (Salesforce) a plus
Please NO Recruiter or Third Party / Agency Inquiries
682% growth over the last 4 years
Highest compensation in the industry
Why work with N2 Publishing?
Make a difference in your community
Flexible hours, set your own schedule
A recession proof, high growth industry
A company culture that is dynamic, upbeat and positive
Professional training and ongoing support
Established company with a track record of success
Why you want to work for us:
MORE ABOUT HYPERIKON: Who We Are
It's all about helping people.
Flexible schedule for field clinicians
Current RN licensure in state of practice.
Sub-Business TLMD Research & Insights
Works with Research Management on executing company-wide initiatives
Proficient written and verbal communication in English and Spanish
Must be willing to travel
Must be 18 years or older
Proven experience in strategic thinking and analysis
Effective time management skills and exhibits attention to detail
Demonstrated fast learner and proactive problem solver
Digital Automotive Media & Marketing (Online to Offline Analytics)
Village, California or Costa Mesa, California
O2O (Online to Offline Analytics)
campaigns, assist with business development, and product development.
Support the Online to Offline Analytics Subject Matter
the J.D. Power portfolio (highest visibility of senior management).
analysis, and interpret and articulate results and make recommendations.
Assist in the development and
Facilitate / answer client inquiries
develop ideas and solutions to address needs.
with SMEs, PAL and OEM Sales Team.
Keep abreast of content and
and communicate the features / benefits to the client.
including budget management and control
Advanced skills in problem solving
Advanced software knowledge with MS
Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, SPSS, mTab
Perform analysis for current and
prospective clients for Online to Offline Analytics.
Assist in the management of account
The Team / The Business:
development) for assigned accounts, including ad networks and digital
that no job is too small. Candidates
should be resourceful, assertive, proactive and unafraid to challenge
conventional wisdom. We have a small
scientific quality standards and provides advanced statistical support. J.D.
PUBLIC RELATIONS / SOCIAL MEDIA REPRESENTATIVES
individuals with great customer service skills to represent them!
planning large-scale expansion for 2017,
and we are in need of new
We provide highly competitive compensation and
for graduates or individuals looking for a career change.
Must be able to start Immediately!
and everyone will go through
We only promote from within
stability of a growing field
. Our clients are in
industries and need us to help them grow!
Assist in conducting market research.
Perform other duties as required.
Marketing degree or equivalent work experience.
Excellent English, grammar, verbal and visual communications skills.
Firearms industry knowledge and professional contacts are highly desired
Occasional travel throughout United States
Job may require lifting from 5 to 40 pounds.
analyses, drawing meaning and insights from the data.
potentially the entire Marketing & Digital Center of Excellence.
Statistics, or a related field of study.
Computer Skills and Knowledge of Hardware & Software Required:
Ability to work in a team environment.
Possess analytical and problem solving skills.
Ability to track status of programs.
Excellent interpersonal, organizational and communication skills.
Ability to work flexible hours; weekends, evenings, holidays.
Ability to work within deadline constraints and set priorities.
The noise level in this office is moderate.
Ability to work in a team environment.
Possess analytical and problem solving skills.
Ability to track status of programs.
Excellent interpersonal, organizational and communication skills.
Ability to work flexible hours; weekends, evenings, holidays.
Ability to work within deadline constraints and set priorities.
The noise level in this office is moderate.
Why Entry Level Positions are important....
Qualities We Feel Our Team Members Exemplify:
Able to PRIORITIZE and work INDEPENDENTLY with minimal supervision.
Able to work effectively in a TEAM environment.
LEADER & GO GETTER mentality
NOT SURE IF YOU ARE QUALIFIED?
Why Entry Level Positions are important....
Qualities We Feel Our Team Members Exemplify:
Able to PRIORITIZE and work INDEPENDENTLY with minimal supervision.
Able to work effectively in a TEAM environment.
LEADER & GO GETTER mentality
NOT SURE IF YOU ARE QUALIFIED?
Greets, checks in, and assigns rooms to guests
Promptly and effectively deals with guest requests and complaints
Handles confidential information with high integrity
Maintains accurate cash, accounting, and reservation records
Conducts wake up calls as requested
Keeps communal areas and lobby clean
Assists with laundry as directed
Follows company policies and procedures
Other duties as assigned by supervisor or management
Will be required to work nights, weekends, and holidays
Will be required to work in a fast-paced environment
Design marketing creative strategy, manage marketing communications
Ability to understand and effectively assess risk
Agency experience is a plus.
Please see our complete list of jobs at:
Customer Care Supervisor - Airline System Coordinator
Customer Care Supervisor - Airline System Coordinator
Conduct training to coach and develop associates
Documents all actions and communications with associates
Work directly with direct report to resolve problem situations
Conducts individual and team meetings regularly
Provide recognition, reward and discipline when warranted
Assist team members with career path development
Support during travel and customer care during/after business hours
Assist inner/external contacts with resolutions on problem bookings
Communicate/follow up on system errors
Motivate staff to maximize productivity and minimize errors
Create quality control reports for immediate feedback
Adhere to TMTC security procedures
Experience with airline system preferred
Experience with internal reservation systems a plus
Two years+ experience managing people in team environment
Planning and project management skills
Demonstrated coaching, training and development ability
Passion for providing excellent customer service
Short and Long Term Disability
: Vice President of Resource Development and Marketing
40 hours per week (Monday Friday)
Minimum 1-4 years of combined experience:
Public/media relations (including press events, media relationship-building);
Online marketing/website development and maintenance experience. WordPress experience preferred;
Significant skills with Microsoft Office suite, Adobe expected;
AVP, Product and Content Marketing
Digital Marketing Project Manager Intern
What does the role involve?
Some potential projects will be:
Creating databases for documenting and addressing website issues
Developing customer behavior based direct marketing campaigns
Creating communication processes and activities
Analyzing customer data to enhance website / direct marketing
Must have at least 1 summer left before graduation
Strong communication and presentation skills
GPA of 3.0 or above
Eligible to work in the US permanently without sponsorship
Tempted to apply or find out more?
Nine Consecutive Years of National ENERGY STAR Recognition.
Marketing Analyst - Dallas, Texas
This individual will be an experienced professional who reports
and Marketing Consultant communications, marketing event coordination and
project management. This is a Dallas based position.
Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to:
special projects with various marketing leadership.
o Responsible for multiple weekly, monthly and
Marketing Analysis / Collateral / Messaging
and develops marketing collateral and messaging.
Association / Sponsorships / Conferences
Associations & Sponsorship lists; develops budget; researches details;
ensures Marketer/Marketing Consultant compliance with policies; manages
o Assists in planning regional marketing meetings.
Assists SVP, National Sales in the administration of the
Timeframe: Intern is needed June 19- Aug 25, 2017
Monitor regulations.gov website for new additions to ESRD docket
Monitor regulations.gov website for new additions to ESRD docket
For Current Gilead Employees and Contractors:
Specific Responsibilities and skills for Position
Essential Duties and Job Functions
Potential to manage 1-2 direct reports
In addition, the position requires the following capabilities:
Strong data analytical, market research and interpretive skills
For jobs in the United States:
NOTICE: EMPLOYEE POLYGRAPH PROTECTION ACT
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT
For Current Gilead Employees and Contractors:
represents the senior management representative responsible for developing,
implementing, executing and managing the strategic business development and
contribute to the senior management of the company.
Work with business unit leaders and others to lead
Plan and manage both the sales and marketing
Establish credibility within the organization in demonstrating
first 6 months of employment.
Responsible for managing the business development
pipeline along with creating and
includes the needs analysis, technical presentations, pricing, contract
Initiate and lead business development initiatives
and corresponding marketing communications that are consistent with the
Recruit, manage, train and motivate direct and
Oversee administration and relevant reporting and
planning systems pertaining to sales and marketing activities.
Contribute to new service and product development
Define the appropriate marketing organization that
Lead the marketing strategic planning including
corporate positioning and competitive analysis, customer segment selection and
Oversee the marketing communications department
which is responsible for; Business Development support, advertising, white
Define and direct marketing programs for demand
creation, lead generation and for lead tracking and management.
Work closely with business unit leaders to develop
Shall be responsible to; attend, participate, contribute
and actively engage in and with
business, trade and professional organizations in pursuit of achieving
organization, professional and self-development goals.
Self-Motivated - Ability to be internally inspired
Communication - Able to communicate and motivate
advertising cost-effectiveness, including market sector targeting, product
offer development, feature-benefits-solutions selling, cost per response, cost
per conversion, etc. Appreciates need for consistency within company's
communications, branding and marketing mix.
Mathematical Skills - Able to understand profit and
and calculations, depreciation, capital and revenue expenditure, cash flow,
Business and Selling Skills: Must be an excellent
face-to face, verbal and written communicator.
Tenacious - Ability to hold steadfast and complete a
to work toward a goal.
Responsible - Ability to be held accountable or
Resilient - Ability to recover from, or adjust to,
Negotiation Skills - Ability to reach outcomes that
gain the support and acceptance of all parties.
Management Skills - Ability to organize and direct
oneself and effectively supervise others.
Initiative - Ability to make decisions or take
actions to solve a problem or reach a goal.
seen as credible in the workplace.
sales, marketing, customer service, administration and finance.
Skills: Minimum requirement in Microsoft
environment involves everyday risks or discomforts requiring normal safety
adequately lighted, heated and ventilated.
responsibilities, skills and abilities. Additional functions and requirements
the Company may deem appropriate.
individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Century 21 Real Estate LLC
We are currently looking for a
Brand Ambassador, for Century 21 Real Estate
to cover the following territory
Understand and leverage full shared consulting platform
Closely coordinates company executive involvement with customer management
Maintain and increase broker satisfaction ratings
Promote events, training offerings and other initiatives to Brokers
Travel required to successfully manage book of business
3+ years of account management, B2B sales, strongly preferred
Real Estate Industry experience a plus
Proven customer relationship, influence management and conflict resolution skills
Strong communication and social media skills (written and verbal)
Ability to deliver seminars live and via web-ex technology
Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite
Field-based position with ability to travel up to 75%
Provides guidance and promotes integration of supply chain processes.
Experienced in the budget and planning process.
CPSM (Certified Professional in Supply Managment) preferred.
Preferred process related, plant or energy industry experience
Experience with SAP, Ariba, Power Point, Excel
EOE: Race / Sex / Veteran / Disability
Analytic Partners is looking for an
People: We value our people, clients and partners
Passion: We love what we do
Growth: Unlimited growth means unlimited potential
Data Processing and Model Development
1-2+ years of experience in related field
Experience with statistical software R, Python, SPSS, SAS, etc.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to organize and prioritize schedules
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft PowerPoint and Excel
ABOUT THE JOB WE ARE HIRING FOR
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES AND JOB CONTEXT
Drive awareness and though leadership campaigns
WHAT WOULD A SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE HAVE?
Bachelors Degree or equivalent required
Experience in trade marketing management
Excellent organizational, presentation and writing skills
Proactive, detail-orientated and highly organized
Demonstrated professional presence when representing the Company.
Strong win-win attitude, competitive nature and sense of accountability
Supportive, fun and friendly team environment
Opportunity to learn all aspects of the travel industry
Comprehensive health benefits (medical, dental & vision)
12 vacation days per calendar year
9 holidays per calendar year
6 sick days per calendar year
401(k) retirement plan with employer match
4-5 years of quantitative research experience
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong analytical thinker with advanced Excel skills
Basic understanding of online panel or sample management processes
Proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
In this role, you will:
A rapidly growing yet well-established business
Analyst acclaimed technology leadership in a massive emerging market
A wide degree of creativity while still practicing professionalism
Ambition, and an ability to prioritize
Business-oriented personality with entrepreneurial spirit
Able to learn from mistakes and criticism
A diligent worker who is detail-oriented and accountable
We are an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer
We are an at-will employer
PowerPoint/Outlook. Familiar with InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop and Graphic Design.
Physical Demands and Work Environment:
Turner is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V
work environment is usually moderate.
Sales, Service, & Marketing: Sales & Marketing Management
Group Event Facilitator - Milwaukee Bucks (Milwaukee, WI)
Milwaukee Bucks, LLC. Job Description
Job Title: Group Event Facilitator
Reports To: Group Sales Coordinator
Strongly prefer a previous job/internship within the sports industry.
Exemplary communication skills, both oral and written.
Competitive nature and contagious, positive attitude.
Ability to provide exceptional customer service for clients.
Willingness to work nights and weekends.
Ability to work as part of a team.
passionate about reducing energy and water usage through the
implementation of energy efficiency and renewable energy technologies.
Familiarity or background in subscription marketing preferred
Building and maintaining professional relationships in the local community
Other responsibilities within the restaurant operations as needed
Essential Functions of the Job:
Planning and managing the event in different phases
Create invites, reminders and confirmations for events
Managing event logistics & travel for the event
Coordinating visa formalities if required
On-site support, as and when required
Relationship building with key stakeholders
Proactive and open to learn marketing tools and processes.
Comfortable using IT database systems
Should know outlook and related calander management
Excellent communication and Interpersonal skills
Must be able to work virtually, and independently
Able to be diplomatic when dealing with clients
Comfortable working on a number of activities concurrently
Self starter, who can manage with minimal direction
Able to interact with senior management
Extremely organized and enjoys administration
Able to work in a team arrangement
Education: Any graduate or Post graduate
Comply with all affordable housing program requirements
Must be high school graduate or equivalent
Knowledge of Onesite property management software a plus
And this is where you come in.
Required Attributes of a Group Event Coordinator:
Driven to be the Best
Again, do you have what it takes?
Ability to manage and execute numerous tasks
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office
Responsible for selling Tacoma Rainiers group packages.
Follows and ensures implementation of all team sales programs.
Assist with the development of team sales databases.
Responsible for renewing established accounts from year to year.
Full time salary position. Pay scale based on experience.
What makes you great? Drives you?
Do you have prior sales experience?
What are your ultimate career goals in this industry?
Click here to see all of our employment opportunities.
Contact the TeamWorkOnline webmaster / FAQ
TeamWorkOnline Privacy Policy (Opens Popup Window)
Manage vendor relationship/execution as related to assigned activity.
Domestic and international travel as required by assigned activity.
Ability to cross-support marketing department with responsibilities as assigned.
Team player, with strong sense of urgency.
Proven ability to creatively and elegantly solve problems.
Proven working knowledge of marketing and associated skills.
Our multiple, full-time openings encompass the following:
All applicants should possess the following:
Experience in a team related field.
The personality that thrives in a merit based environment
The desire to be the best and exceed expectations
Willingness to learn new strategies and techniques
Ability to teach and lead others
Submit your resume to our HR Department today!
Candidates with experience in the following areas/industries apply today!
10 years of broad-based, progressive executive experience.
Key traits and characteristics desired include:
The capacity to think strategically and execute tactically.
The ability to effectively maintain/build relationships across business groups.
Ensure a consistent and seamless cross-device experience
Excellent written and verbal communications
Interest in socially and environmentally responsible organizations and products
TWO MEN AND A TRUCK
TWO MEN AND A TRUCK
TWO MEN AND A TRUCK
Assesses marketing opportunities and target markets
Tracks and evaluates lead sources through various tools
Manages local franchise Facebook page
Responsible for all webpage content and relevancy of
TWO MEN AND A TRUCK
Reviews and edits all external communication
Develops, distributes and tracks all media releases
Develops PR calendar and seeks new PR opportunities
Coordinates and attends networking events and trade shows
Coordinate bi-annual competitor mystery shop
TWO MEN AND A TRUCK
Familiar with all aspects of social media
Must be proficient with the following Microsoft applications:
VP / GVP of People
Additional responsibilities include the following:
Superior communication (written/oral/listening) and interpersonal skills.
Sustainable work-life balance and flexibility
Create content for customer brand sites for local markets
Manage promotional content for local markets
Copy, edit and proofread all web content
Quality assurance testing on published web content
Exceptional communication and organizational skills
United States,New York,Long Island City
Yes, 25 % of the Time
Responsible for preparing and validating audit deliverables.
Must understand operational risk and identify gaps proactively
Excellent research, writing and verbal skills
High degree of attention to detail
Ability to multi-task and support/manage multiple projects simultaneously
Excellent analytical thinking, problem solving, and time management skills
Flexible and easily adapts to change
Successful experience in a fast-paced environment
Show, lease and move in prospective residents
Adhere to the Standard Operating Procedures
Provide clerical and phone support
Other tasks or duties as assigned by supervisor
Strong administrative and organizational skills
Strong time management skills and ability to prioritize wisely
Good understanding of basic accounting practices
Ability to drive and access to a car
Basic computer and Internet knowledge
Intermediate knowledge of MS Word, Excel and Outlook
Commit to ongoing professional development and career growth
Must wear career apparel based on defined company standards
An Equal Opportunity Employer - M/F/D/V.
Our Industry: Where we play
Lead marketing teams based in Europe
Creative skills in both communications and problem solving
Excellent collaboration, interpersonal and team management skills
Knowledge and experience in building demand marketing plans
Bachelors degree, preferably in a marketing or related field
Masters degree or MBA is strongly preferred
Our Culture: Who we are
Our Mission: Powering smarter treatments and healthier people.
THINK: Inspires purpose, articulates strategy, and simplifies complexity
TEAM: Communicates effectively, builds relationships and collaborates with others
DO: Plans ahead, scales for growth, ensures accountability
LEARN: Self-aware, values difference, strives to learn
TEACH: Inspires work, coaches others, builds teams
Generate sales through a low pressure consultative approach
Engaging customers and uncovering their home furnishing needs
Providing world class customer service
Ability to network and build relationships with customers
Medical, dental, vision, life, disability, FSA, dependent care
401K with a company match
Vice President Americas, Professional Services
Serve as an internal and external management escalation point
Prior experience running global projects
Excellent client relationship skills with a sales orientation
MBA or equivalent degree preferred
VP, Health and Welfare Sales
The Marketing and Sales Specialist will manage the Request
for Proposal (RFP) process, research consumer
of marketing materials, such as plans, recommendations and presentations,
internal subject matter experts and VP of Sales
deadlines, prepare responses to advisor/prospect questions
all sales collateral as needed (proposals, presentations, samples, etc.)
sites ensuring data and functionality is current
a competitor database that outlines their pricing, capabilities and
distribution (e.g., paper, electronic, social media, etc.)
efforts including finalist presentations, product demonstrations
Marketing communication material development as needed
Travel 5-10% for conferences, benefit fairs,
While performing the duties of this job,
Associate is frequently required to stand, talk and hear
If degreed: 2 years marketing experience,
preferably in the Health and Welfare Benefits, Consulting/Brokerage, Health
& Welfare Insurance Carrier Industry.
Non-degreed: 5 years marketing experience,
preferably in the Health and Welfare Benefits, Consulting/Brokerage, Health
& Welfare Insurance Carrier Industry
Health and Welfare Benefits Administration
Advanced user of MS Powerpoint, Excel and Word
Knowledge / Skills / Abilities
processes/situations, takes responsibility for improvements or solving
short, mid and long-term goals
obstacles, remains optimistic in the face of negative feedback
to initiate and grow mutually beneficial relationships, actively develops
networks, manages potentially difficult relationships
capable, collaborative, interacts confidently, reads the situation,
empathetic and can evaluate likely reactions
Superior Organizational Skills - Ability to
Superior Oral and Written Communication Skills
structures communication logically, listens, responds to prompts and
skills quickly, develops expertise, actively participates in training and
Comfortable working with people at all levels
REPORTS TO: LSM, GSM OR GENERAL MANAGER WITHIN MARKET
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE POSITION:
Attend and complete all aspects of sales training programs
Work ethic representative of the best in Viamedia.
Work ethic representative of the best in Viamedia
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Knowledge of digital sales and marketing is preferred.
Plan and execute product receipt flow.
Execute initial allocations as directed through Preseason Planning.
An understanding of planning and forecasting processes.
Proven ability to understand financial metrics.
Strong written, verbal, and oral communication skills.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
VP AFFILIATE SALES & MARKETING
VP / DIRECTOR PUBLIC RELATIONS
Assist with event concept building and theme development
Assist with menu and drink customization for events
Demonstrated experience with startups and/or consumer-facing web products preferred
Outstanding interpersonal and team building skills
Effective verbal and written communications skills
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Weekly team lunches and happy hours
Positions directly reporting to this position (titles):
Generate top-line revenue to exceed budget goals.
Support sales staff in meeting their personal sales goals.
Participate in Revenue Management weekly conference call.
Communicate company direction, process, and expectations to hotel associates.
Provide training and development to sales staff.
SPECIFIC JOB KNOWLEDGE, SKILL AND ABILITY
Meet or exceeds budgeted REVPAR for the hotel.
Knowledge of departmental and hotel operations
Knowledge of computers and training techniques
Leadership and organizational skills (team orientation, flexible, adaptable)
Excellent verbal, written and presentation skills.
Ability and desire to perform outside direct sales calls.
Understanding of revenue generation and profit/loss implications.
Follow-up on all inbound leads in the allocated territories
Make proactive outbound calls, leverage social media and email
Qualify leads according to pre-defined qualification rating scale
Schedule meetings for Territory Account Managers with qualified leads
Achieve weekly, monthly and quarterly activity targets
Strong and effective written, oral and telephone skills
Time management and self-motivation skills
Ability to work as part of a team
Bachelors in business or technical degree required
Inventory and order office supplies
Answer and route all incoming calls
Assist with the setup and teardown of events
Assist operations team with data entry
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Attention to detail and problem-solving skills
Familiarity with Google Apps and CRMs
Associate, Marketing Operations, ADFPOSITION SUMMARY:
Process Invoicing through the SAP system
2+ years of related experience.
Must be able to manage multiple projects.
Excellent storyteller, writer, and editorialist
You have a bias to speed but are detail-oriented
Positive attitude and a great sense of humor
Super comfortable with and excited about data
Passion for consumer products and small businesses
Financial Services or FinTech experience
Understanding of private equity financing
Lead the creative process, brainstorming and design of campaigns.
Develop insights and strategies thorugh consumer research.
Drive critical thinking on brand and product strategy.
Utilize consumer research to develop innovative advertiser initiatives.
Responsible for overseeing b2b collateral design.
Bachelor Degree preferred, equivalent work experience and skills considered.
Proven understanding of the competitive media landscape.
Highly successful at leading collaboration and leading cross-departmental process.
Strong relationship and networking skills are a must.
Computer skills and excellent presentation skills are a must.
Must have a successful track record of customer focus.
Yes, 5 % of the Time
you have the following qualifications:
Experience with federal or government grants, preferred.
Demonstrated effective leadership and strategic thinking skills
Excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills
Strong administrative, analysis and organizational skills required
Demonstrated ability to effectively represent the organization is required.
WOMEN AGAINST ABUSE - OUTSTANDING ORGANIZATIONAL & FINANCIAL CAPACITY
Shared Safety: Philadelphia's Response to Relational Violence
Provide account based marketing support for select key accounts
The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications:
10+ years experience in field marketing organization/function
An excellent understanding of marketing functional disciplines
Excellent verbal, presentation and written communications skills
Good interpersonal, project and time management skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Possess strong leadership and management skills
Strong business and market analysis skills
2nd language skills a plus
tremendous scale providing years of investment protection
network layer convergence eliminating cost and complexity
what the network will be
Director, Content Marketing and Sales Enablement
Ensuring consistent global experience and implementing appropriate translation strategies.
Assist and guide multiple communication channels.
5-8+ years retail operations, marketing and finance experience.
Highly self-motivated, assumes personal accountability for results and performance.
TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS: Company-wide, 75% or more
Sits, stands or walks for extended periods of time.
Bending, stooping and twisting required periodically.
Prolonged time sitting in cars or airplane.
SUPERVISES: All Community Team Members
Oversees all tasks relating to leasing the community.
Abides by and enforces the Fair Housing Laws.
Inspects vacant apartments after move-outs and prior to move-ins.
Create and implement asset management plan, budget and policies.
Manage the community revenue and expenses.
Collection of bad debt accounts.
Enforce all policies and procedures.
Maintain a high performing, customer focused team.
Promote development through training and team building.
Assist the Portfolio Manager in all duties as assigned.
Certified Apartment Manager (CAM) Designation strongly encouraged
Knowledge of VRLTA, LIHTC Program and Fair Housing Laws
Strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills
Communicate effectively and professionally with all levels of management
Ability to work week-ends and evenings as needed
Knowledge of Onesite Resident Software is encouraged
You must apply on our website only.
Quiet work area away from distractions
relationships. Assistant Community Managers are seasoned property management
professionals with demonstrated success in providing sales, customer service,
and administration leadership to the team.
Manager, providing leadership, delegation, and supervision to the office,
everyone feel welcome and appreciated.
You will provide leadership and mentoring
work environment that encourages collaboration and teamwork.
Your writing and speaking skills are
clear and effective, helping you connect well with others.
You are united with teammates in
delivering the best experience to current and prospective residents.
You are flexible and able to juggle the
needs of changing priorities at the community.
You are comfortable working with numbers,
interpreting financial statements, evaluating trends, and analyzing data.
You are an idea person and like coming up
with smart solutions to new challenges.
You understand that solutions to resident
You invest extra energy to reach your
You follow through on commitments,
letting residents know that they matter.
Build community and industry knowledge
by identifying market trends to prepare
through phone calls, appointments, and
your excellent sales and rapport-building skills.
by guiding new residents through each
by prioritizing curb appeal and
of prospective and current residents, as
well as rent and inventory.
like accepting rent and deposits and
Train and collaborate with talented
solve any leasing issues that arise.
Prior sales experience in leasing, retail, banking, or
Demonstrated proficiency in working with computers
including word processing, calendar management, software/database, and social
communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills
a flexible schedule, including weekends
Provide reporting for property operations including:
reviewing and approving CAM reconciliations
understanding and reporting income/expense variances monthly
Understand and coordinate building and building systems inspections.
Medical / healthcare real estate experience is a plus.
Experience conducting product demonstrations via the web
Passion for working with small business owners
Experience working in a team environment
Competitive base and commission structure
ThriveHive product specific training as part of your on-boarding
Realistic and attainable monthly goals
Fun corporate outings, Professional development and growth opportunities
A fun, competitive and fast paced work environment
Experienced in the management and development of direct reports.
7+ years in packaging technology and/or business/packaging strategy development
Excellent communication and facilitation skills
High level of collaboration and teamwork
Focuses on Patients and Customers
Facilitates constructive discussions and supports team and program decisions.
Answers phone calls courteously and enthusiastically.
Reviews and manages incoming and outgoing mail,
Performs other duties or special projects as required
Consistently maintain a comfortable, safe and clean setting
Adhere to institutional dress policies.
This team primarily works within
In particular, the Director will be expected to:
You may have found your dream job.
People perfect for this job:
You will need to produce items like:
Excellent writing and editing skills
Video recording and editing skills
Familiarity and an appreciation for various social media platforms
Extremely likable (gets along with the team)
A passion for learning (specifically in copiers and IT)
They simply Get Stuff Done
Type: Full TimeMin. Experience: Mid Level
Execute multi-channel automated digital marketing campaigns
Constantly perform keyword research to improve our content production
Help Create and manage ad campaigns on Google Adwords
Perform conversion rate and cost per conversion analysis
SEO: Improve domain authority with keyword optimization and backlinks
Comfortable with technical subject matter
Experience with Adwords and Google Analytics
Previous experience with SEO and/or PPC
Effectively manage several advertising programs on various platforms.
Knowledge of R statistical language, HTML, and WordPress
Reporting using google analytics/adwords and/or other marketing applications.
Experience with Pardot and Salesforce
Hands-on CRM experience (preferably Salesforce)
Ideas and innovation around video marketing, Google, SEO
Position is a full time role in Austin, TX
Pay will be determined on merit, experience, and capability
This position is located in-office in Austin, TX.
2) Coding and analysis of open-ended comments
5) Monitoring of field progress and status reports
4+ years of analyzing open ended comments
2+ years of survey programming experience with Confirmit and/or
Continually evaluate internal/external processes and make suggestions for improvements.
Write clear, effective, logically structured project communications.
Track metrics from campaigns and recommend improvements.
Coordinate legal and compliance reviews.
Demonstrated aptitude for project management.
Strong oral and written communications skills.
Team player with a positive attitude.
Detail oriented; collaborative; proactive communicator; adaptability; enthusiasm.
Duties may include, but are not limited to:
Sorts and distributes mail; answers routine correspondence.
Tracks PTO/vacation for the department.
Demonstrated ability to handle highly confidential information
Thorough knowledge of the organization, personnel and policies
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Self-starter with willingness to take initiative
Demonstrated ability to work independently with limited supervision
Proven ability in planning, prioritizing, and organizing diverse workload
Leading commercial real estate firm
Create and execute public relations and communications campaigns
Oversee content updates to the firm's website
Manage the firm's relationship with PR agencies
5-7 years public relations experience
Commercial real estate experience preferred
Competitive base salary plus bonus, benefits and career growth!
What does a great Associate Digital Media Planner do?
Manage multiple projects and clients at any given time.
Present complex concepts and metrics in a user-friendly way.
Knowledge of social metrics (i.e., Facebook & YouTube insights)
Ability to work in a structured environment
Strong communication and persuasive skills
For more information, please call 913-210-2201
Client Services, Inc. is committed to equal employment opportunities.
Design and update marketing brochures as necessary
Create, deploy and monitor email marketing efforts
Handle multiple duties within administration, marketing and business development
Working knowledge of InDesign for creation of marketing materials
Submit resume (and samples if applicable) to: CIN10@jobalert.creativecircle.com
Title: Client Services & Special Events InternClassification: Contract, Non-Exempt
Duration: September 2017- March 2018
What This Job is About:
Assist in managing expectations of client specific programs.
Collect program data and assist with program recap.
Manage and direct event emails to their appropriate parties.
0-1 years of event planning and coordination experience.
Excellent writing, copy/editing skills and general communication skills.
Maintain technical coordination with staff.
Maintain positive communication with staff, clients and subcontractors.
Follow general instructions and company policies and procedures.
Comply with all company safety policies and rules.
Perform additional duties as assigned.
Bachelors Degree in practice area from accredited university.
Professional license, EI or PE
Experience with FAA Design circulars/criteria a plus.
Analytical skills with ability to prepare statistical reports.
Ability to work well independently and on a team.
Employees are able to take advantage of our:
Medical, dental, prescription drug, and vision care plans
Short and long term disabilities benefits
Paid Time Off (PTO) Policy
Continuing education / tuition reimbursement
Community giving and charitable programs
Bachelors Degree or global equivalent in a related field;
5-7+ years marketing experience in a technology environment
Ability to travel up to 30% required
Competence with Excel, Word, Salesforce.com, and marketing automation solutions
Ability to thoughtfully present to partners and executive leadership
Develop and articulate competitive positioning and differentiation of brands
Engage with CDW Procurement to help forecast sales volumes
Obtain and facilitate necessary partner and industry certifications
8 years experience in sales/marketing, OR
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications
Demonstrated financial and business acumen
Ability to think strategically and analyze information
Previous experience in the technology industry
Processes FACTS.org transient student applications accurately and timely
Processes and mails acceptance letters accurately and timely.
High school diploma or GED.
Anticipate, investigate, and analyze problems and address them proactively.
Communicate effectively, both orally and in writing.
Work in a fast-paced, demanding environment.
Work independently and follow through on assignments.
Exhibit solid organizational skills and be detail oriented.
Work effectively with all constituencies of the College.
Collaborate and be effective working with diverse populations.
All employees are expected to:
Present a professional image in word, action and attire.
Assist with departmental administrative responsibilities.
Ensure quick turnarounds in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment.
Assist members of our sales and account management teams.
Database validation and cleanup, including lead research.
Minimum 1-2 years B2B marketing experience.
Some knowledge of Project Management and research.
Self-motivated, creative thinker with strong problem solving skills.
For more information, visit www.PurchasingPower.com
100% company paid benefits for employees
Kitchen stocked with gourmet coffee, teas and free snacks
Top of the line hardware
Established experience managing creative writing talent and building teams
Experience translating technical content for mainstream audience
Admirable writing skills with attention to detail and voice/tone
Good at Micro Soft Office.
Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Sell additional services by recognizing opportunities to up-sell accounts.
High School diploma or equivalent
Mature, positive and collaborative interpersonal skills
Senior Director of Content Marketing
Brainstorm new and creative content strategies.
BS/MS degree in marketing or a related field
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Strong analytical skills and data-driven thinking
Area of Interest: Creative Services
Vice President, Digital Creative - West Elm
Direct and approve web-specific collateral
Oversee execution of site strategies and campaign execution
8-10 years of design experience centered on e-commerce;
Strong understanding of digital design best practices for marketing
Knowledge of UX best practices and modern UIs
This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship.
Williams-Sonoma Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Williams-Sonoma, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:
Own and establish material specifications for defined material area;
Fluent in English, both written and oral;
Search Firm Representatives,Please Read Carefully
Sales Representative - Hospitality / Restaurant Experience
Responsibilities for the entry-level position include:
- Sales and marketing strategy and techniques
- Self-management and time management
- Full Training & Support
- Fun and Empowering Working Environment
- Confidence and a drive to be successful.
- Outstanding communication skills both verbal and written.
- Professional appearance and outstanding work ethic.
- Great attitude with a high-energy personality.
- Superior people and communication skills.
Owning client relationships and satisfaction levels
Developing and coaching team members
Contributing to team understanding of client culture
Managing multiple projects concurrently and delivering consistent positive results
Leading sourcing, RFQ events, auctions, supplier management and negotiations
Delivering presentations and communicating confidently with the client
Must have management consulting experience in a consulting firm
OR a combination of consultancy and industry experience
Ability to travel 80% of the time
Fluency in multiple languages is a PLUS
We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V.
Ten Signs You are a Great TEECOM TEEm Candidate
You have a positive can-do attitude.
You like being challenged and learning new things.
You enjoy traveling for work.
Source referrals from existing clients.
Minimum of 10 years in the AEC industry.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Results driven and highly ethical in practice.
Attend 4-6 industry or industry-related networking events per month.
Compensation is flexible depending on experience.
Assist with theme development and deliverables for each event
Manage the volunteer workforce for events
Three years of experience planning and executing events
Flexibility to travel and work long hours
Dedication to the Quicken Loans mission in Detroit
Proficiency in the Microsoft Office suite
Quicken Loans is an equal opportunity employer.
Specific job duties include but not limited to:
4-year college degree is preferred for this position.
Two to four years related experience and/or training.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP
Send This Job to a Friend
Terms of Use and Copyright Notice
Consistently use and improve cycle maps and SOPs.
Strong English language writing skills (writing samples required)
Experience with HTML and Content Management Systems
Team Focused and strong organizational skills are a must
Web development skills are preferred.
What does Marketing Coordinator do?
What are we looking for?
Industry-related internship is a plus
Proficient with business software (MS Office) and online tools
Possess introductory technical knowledge and insight
Good interpersonal and writing skills
Detail oriented and good organizational skills
Works effectively with Rush staff at all levels.
Exceptional organizational skills and detail-orientation.
Creativity, resourcefulness, computer skills required, including Microsoft Office.
Works occasional off-shift hours and weekends.
TOPS (Temporary) Senior Event Planner
Salary is commensurate with experience.
San Mateo, CA | Broomfield, CO | Irvine, CA
Responsibilities include but not limited to:
Skill in direct customer-facing sales engagements, including executive-level interactions.
Strong business planning and project management skills
Deliver against company revenue target
Deliver against scheduled product roadmap marketing deliverables
Deliver against agreed short term objectives
Alteryx, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer
Is an expert in Team-Based (multi-disciplinary) wealth planning.
On cutting-edge of wealth planning solutions.
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.
Outstanding Word, Excel, and PowerPoint creation abilities.
Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
WE ARE CURRENTLY LOOKING TO FILL ENTRY-LEVEL POSITIONS IN:
Our company believes that strength comes from
Outstanding COMMUNICATION skills both verbal & written.
Able to PRIORITIZE and work independently with minimal supervision.
Able to work effectively in a TEAM environment
Detail-oriented and the ability to follow up on tasks.
Capable of MULTI-TASKING, prioritizing, and managing time efficiently
What does a great Digital Media Planner do?
Manage multiple projects and clients at any given time
Present complex concepts and metrics in a user-friendly way
Google Analytics certification or equivalent experience
Knowledge of social metrics (i.e., Facebook & YouTube insights)
Availability to travel up to 25% of the time
$5000 Sign on Bonus being offered for this position
It's all about helping people.
Flexible schedule for field clinicians
Current CPR certification is required.
AR: No additional state specific requirements.
Residential Multi-Site Assistant Community Manager
Generate revenue in accordance with budgeted goals.
Handle resident relations with tact, diplomacy and courteous communications.
Create and execute marketing strategies to increase qualified traffic.
Respond same-day to resident complaints, concerns and requests.
Develop and utilize resident retention programs.
Prepare Preliminary and Final Move-out Statements.
Assist with hiring, orienting and training new personnel.
Attendance is an essential job function.
Responsibilities of this position include:
Enabling and optimizing production processes and procedures.
Analyzing competitive products and new business opportunities.
Coordinating with external development teams.
Managing and driving production schedules.
Familiarity with Application development (APPs for smart devices)
Facilitating communication between internal and external parties.
Managing asset pipelines for timely product deliveries.
Preparing for production and providing production support to clients.
Preparing and presenting project information for stakeholder briefings.
3 years hands-on software development
3 years of technical project leadership
Qualifications should include a minimum of:
Experience with software development and Agile practices
Demonstrated ability to solve complex problems
Excellent leadership, communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills
Enthusiastic, positive, team oriented, and organized
Ability to work under tight schedules and high-stress environment
Location: The Ashton - res40651
Company: Realogy Services Group LLC
Visit ************** for more information
Set training plan for SA on core Four tools
Agent Personal Promotion Support and Consultation
Assist with team set-up on various platforms
Responsible for completing all Marketing Coordinator/Staff training and webinars
Prepare recruiting presentations as requested for VIP recruiting opportunities
Maintain manager and branch profiles on proprietary websites
Enhance and maintain manager website on Intouch
Attends and presents at recurring office sales meetings
Maintenance of office social media accounts
Assist with the yearly awards & recognition process
Provides issue resolution and one-on-one assistance as needed
Contacts Help Desk support for program and technical issues
4 year degree in marketing related field
Prior real estate experience preferred
Strong presentation and public-speaking skills
Ability to deal with problems involving several variables
Ability to use basic office equipment
Specific qualifications for the Automotive Sales Consultant positions include:
Some customer facing sales or customer service experience
Experience with customers of all income levels
Outside sales experience appreciated, but not required
Phone marketing sales appreciated, but not required
Exceptional customer service and interpersonal skills
Basic computer proficiency - experience with CDK/ELead helpful!
Automotive sales experience appreciated, but not required
Equivalent years' experience considered in lieu of a degree
5+ years' insurance industry experience
One of the following certifications:
Associate in Risk Management (ARM)
Certified Professional Healthcare Risk Management (CPHRM)
Charter Property Casualty Underwriter (CPCU)
Salary: Up to 115k base
Contact: Sean Murphy - smurphy@smithhanley.com
Expert knowledge of SAS, SQL, or other analysis software
Thorough knowledge of financial products and credit cards
Manage and edit content for client websites
Gather content for social media posts for clients
Assist in data gathering to produce results reports
At least two years of college work completed
Must be able to work 20 hours a week
Interest in both marketing and media
This position is currently accepting applications.
Effective organization and time management skills
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Computer proficiency MS Office and Internet
5-8 years experience in commercial property management
Proven experience managing capital improvement projects
High rise, Class A experience needed
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP
Manage and optimize budget of $2M+
Update and analyze channel specific marketing reports
Manage trigger email performance and optimizations
Lead strategic Bid strategies, creative execution, testing
Create engaging content optimized for targeted audiences
Demonstrated experience creating marketing reports
Understanding of international marketing trends and business concepts
Detail-oriented and an ability to juggle shifting priorities
Team player. Operates effectively in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment
5+ years of experience in digital marketing role
eCommerce & Retail experience required
Experience in SEM or SEO on agency or client-side
Keyword: Digital Marketing Manager, Canada
Minimum of 3 years' experience in a manufacturing environment
Good knowledge of common Microsoft Office applications
Proactive, with superior analytical and numerical skills
Good interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills
Ability to manage multiple projects and tight deadlines
Travailler avec les chiffres vous passionne.
Assisting with efforts of customer acquisition and retention
Expertly managing the needs of external customers
Developing strong leadership and interpersonal skills
Driving sales through promotional campaigns
Build brand recognition through local marketing directives
What we look for in our team members:
Our customers are glad they met us!
For more info on us visit us at: www.zeroenergyco.com
Be part of the green movement! #GoGreenGoZero
Provide exemplary service to internal stakeholders across the business
Must possess excellent written, verbal and visual communication skills
Proven experience at leading and growing high performance teams
Student Brand Ambassador - University of Texas - Dallas
As a Student Brand Ambassador, you will:
Kaplan is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Excellent communication skills and technical consulting experience
Familiar with online performance based marketing channels
Experienced with HTML, CSS, and responsive layouts
Project and campaign management experience
Needs to be a self-starter and have initiative.
Working knowledge of Microsoft office products including EXCEL
execution, and ensuring a successful deployment for customers
development to address customer issues
*Very familiar with modern web technologies and APIs
*A passion for delivering exceptional user experience
*Driven, self-starter with strong leadership skills
*Gifted at communicating product requirements and designing innovative solutions
*Thrives in start-up and collaborative environment
*On-site gym as well as fitness/wellness benefit
*Fully stocked kitchen and catering
Owner of the Market Area Parts Potential (MAPP) platform
Analyse parts catalog usage data
Responsible for harmonization of systems, processes and policies
Keep current on eCommerce/catalog technology
Comfort with a fast paced, global culture
Essential Educational and/or Training Qualifications and Certificates
Experience in a B2B and B2C environment preferred
Knowledge of Heavy Truck and/or Automotive Dealership fixed operations
Knowledge of Parts Department operation including DMS inventory systems
Comfort leveraging existing system/platforms to obtain information
Brand Ambassador Esch bij Microsoft
Un contrat fixe de 38h/semaine (du mardi au samedi)
Offer input regarding social media, posts, tweets, etc.
Offer suggestions to revise and update our websites.
Help with various office work as needed.
Build positive rapport with customers
Escalate possible issues or concerns to internal stakeholders
Help develop blogs, articles and other customer success content
Experience with strong knowledge of social media platforms
Basic Data and Analytics skills
Able to provide reporting, proficient with Powerpoint/Excel or Numbers/Keynote
Creative expertise in Photoshop or similar programs
Photography, videography and photo editing a plus
Clean energy enthusiast with a positive attitude
Competitive compensation with many positions incentivized
Medical and Dental benefits packages with premium options available
Attractive vacation, sick and holiday policy
Eligibility to receive equity in the company
Career path opportunities and development
Weekly replenished snacks and breakfast fixings
Company sponsored gym membership (across the street!)
This is a full time position. Salary DOE.
Associate Director, Royall Content Marketing & Cohort Services *LI
Community Impact Community Impact Twitter
Prioritizes project queue to maximize impact on contract value
Achieves high standards of productivity and timeliness
Proposes and tests new channels, deliverables, formats and ideas
Minimum 5 years of professional experience
Intellectually curious, quick study, creative, attentive to detail, self-motivated
Proficient with Microsoft PowerPoint and Word
Professional experience developing, marketing, selling or delivering consulting services
Knowledge of the U.S. higher education industry
We are a workplace that...
Values and celebrates diversity of experience, culture, and opinion
Medical, dental, and vision insurance, dependents eligible
401(k) retirement plan with company match
Dynamic growth opportunities with merit-based promotion philosophy
homes. Founded in 2012, we currently own
renovation, leasing and property management of portfolios of homes
nationwide. As the acknowledged leader
of operational excellence and resident service.
the communities in which we operate.
today. Invitation Homes offers a highly
competitive compensation and benefits package, including health, dental, vision
Homes, our commitment to veterans is strong.
strategy. Veterans embody many of the
ssential Job Duties and Responsibilities
occupancy and revenue within the portfolio.
Leasing Agents and conduct leasing
the best possible revenue rate and minimize the
number of vacant days on the market.
Invitation Homes is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Supports all B2B product marketing initiatives
strategy in order to meet strategic business objectives
5-7 years of B2B content marketing experience
Experience in Microsoft PowerPoint a must
A high degree of creativity and latitude is expected
Strong organizational skills and project management a must
Where Talent and Opportunity Meet
Connect with us on Facebook
330 Union Ave SE, Olympia WA 98501
Performs regular management and coaching routines
Serves as the Board Appointed BSA/OFAC Compliance Officer
Three years of experience leading multiple operational teams
Advanced experience working with Microsoft Office Products
Ability to develop and deliver effective training programs
Well-developed oral and written communication and human relations skills
Required Certifications and Preferred Association Memberships:
Maintains Regulatory Compliance Certification (CUNA or NAFCUS)- Required
Member Northwest Card Association (NWCA) - Preferred
Contact 360.943.7911 ext. 11111 if you have any questions.
Develop and maintain key partnerships.
Support the partner services coordinator in onboarding new partners.
5+ years in business development function.
Solid experience with skilled nursing facilities
Healthcare industry sales / business development experience required.
Prior experience acquiring contractual partners and/services.
Strong statistical and analytic abilities; Excel knowledge required
This job will require 50% travel.
The position is a salaried position.
We are looking for individuals to fill our
Ability to adapt and understand market trends
Leadership and team development skills
Time management and organizational skills
Candidates with the following interests should apply -
We connect people, because nothing else matters.
7-10 years of AdTech Product Management responsibility
Experience supporting multi-business unit and leading across teams
Full stack development experience (backend, web apps to frontend)
Architecture experience of high throughput services
Master or PhD in Computer Science or related field
Possesses outstanding writing/editing and project management skills.
Bachelor's degree or global equivalent in English, Communications or
Marketing or related field, or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 5 years of B2B marketing communications/content development
Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
ACI Worldwide is an AA/EEO
Develop and execute RFPs / RFIs
Develop, execute and manage supplier contracts and agreements
Experience sourcing Marketing, IT, and Construction services preferred
Demonstrated ability to influence others
Strong negotiation, interpersonal and communications skills
Professional, ethical personal conduct and demeanor
Strong analytical and quantitative skills
Proven ability to work across multiple projects at once
Location : Ashburn VA US 20147
Job Type : Full Time
Career Level : Manager (Manager/Supervisor of Staff)
The successful candidate must have the following experience.
Thorough understanding of A/E/C industry terminology and procedures.
Excellent knowledge of marketing fundamentals.
Excellent leadership, managerial, mentoring and teaching skills.
Sets a standard of professional competence.
Thorough knowledge of marketing principles, tools and resources.
Tactful, persistent, organized, resourceful and strategic.
Proven ability to develop and implement lead generation strategies
Leadership in best practices for marketing policies and procedures
Lends marketing support and resources to other divisions.
Determine marketing objectives to meet company-wide goals.
Develop and continually refine company-wide marketing plan
Manage website and social media development and content.
Manage CRM training, maintenance and integrity.
Build and maintain internal and external relationships with clients.
Build a robust lead generation strategy through marketing automation
Manage public relations and advertising programs.
Manage corporate identity development implementation.
Manage select qualification, proposal and presentation activities.
Ensure that teams have identified appropriate benefits and differentiators.
Email this job to a friend!
Institute for Building Technology and Safety
Organizational management and supervision skills.
Coordinate meetings with internal and external stakeholders.
Assist in preparing presentations for internal and external meetings.
Collect and create monthly, quarterly and/or seasonal marketing recaps.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Accuracy and deep attention to detail; highly organized.
Strong teamwork and relationship-building skills.
Demonstrated ability to manage projects and multitask.
Meets deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
Two-plus years of marketing experience; sports or apparel preferred.
Assist in new hire onboarding and sales training coordination
Assist with special tasks and projects as needed
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience required
Thrives under pressure and hates being bored
Loves making other peoples job easier
As the Email Marketing Manager, you will:
Proven ability to create and drive strategy
Strong verbal and written communications skills
Set and manage expectations of internal teams
Minimum 3 years of professional social media management experience
Strong interpersonal skills with a desire to work cross-functionally
Knowledge of financial services marketing strategies& regulations
Demonstrated leadership, strong initiative and decision-making skills
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively
Strong planning and organizational skills
Part time availability (15-20 hours a week)
Understanding of digital marketing and business
Eligibility to take internship position for credit
Understanding of digital media channels, eCommerce, and business principles
Highly organized and incredibly resourceful
Multi-tasker by nature. Goal achiever by design.
Ability to handle high paced, high activity environments
People + Performance + Values = IMI Culture
across both mobile and desktop, app and web
Optimize marketing across all channels, paid and unpaid
Establish and maintain budget goals with respect to ROI/ROAS
businesses through customer acquisition and usage
Working knowledge of mobile/digital marketing attribution tracking solutions
Outstanding vendor relationship management skills
Self-directed, proactive and a strong attention to detail
5+ years experience in field marketing and/or educational technology
Get results for our advertisers
Maintain customer satisfaction and accountability through consultative selling.
Complete appropriate sales activity reports and forecasts as required.
Know how digital platforms work together
Deep market knowledge of online and digital marketplace:
Understand how businesses consume and use social media.
Ability to keep up with industry advances.
Able to generate enthusiasm around digital solutions.
Understanding of the competition in the marketplace
Must be proficient in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Knowledge of advertising sales software preferred.
Working Title Vice President for Institutional Advancement
Role Title Administrative - Instructor - 01223
Hiring Range Salary is commensurate with Rank and Credentials.
Agency Germanna Community College (297)
Type of Recruitment General Public - G
Does this position have telework options? No
Job Type Detail Salaried Faculty- S-2
Minimum Salary: $104,426/DOE. Full state benefits apply.
BA/BS degree required, a graduate degree is a plus
Proficient (or interest in learning) SQL experience
Experience in improving organizational efficiency in previous roles
Strong verbal communication skills and a professional presence.
Effective in a fast-paced, team-oriented and highly innovative environment
Creative thinking and recognizing great work
Clearly communicating with stakeholders at all levels
Why you want to work for us:
Competitive pay with great benefits, including:
Abundant holiday, personal and volunteer time off
401K with 3% employer safe harbor contribution
Fantastic health, dental, and vision insurance
Long Term Care, Life, AD&D and LTD insurance
Assists with casino marketing and casino directed promotions
Collaborates with promotion and events personnel
Provides administrative support to the Marketing Department
1 year experience coordinating promotions or special events
Ability to prioritize and perform multiple tasks and assignments
Ability to perform data entry assignments
Ability to communicate effectively in the English language
Ability to complete forms, documents and written reports
Ability to maintain professionalism and composure
Ability to appear for work on time
Ability to work in a smoking environment
Ability to accept constructive criticism
Working knowledge of MS Word and Excel
Sales & Community Marketing Manager (San Francisco)
Managing Director, Sales & Community Marketing
High school diploma or equivalent.
Must be authorized to work in the U.S.
OUR CULTURE - ALASKA AIRLINES
Please apply on or before: 10/11/17
A few helpful tips when applying -
Ensure inspection readiness at all times
Knowledge of drug development and FDA GCP/ICH regulatory guidelines
Demonstrated organizational and time management skills
Account Executive, EDU (higher education and SLED)
Grow sales in the Education and Non-Profit verticals
Prospect into cold accounts using outbound and social techniques
Successfully negotiate win-win agreements based on value selling
Experience selling to Director, VP, and C-level executives
Consistent track record of success with $1M + quota
Thorough understanding of a related technology
Demonstrated sales record of consistently meeting and exceeding quota
Willingness to travel to customer sites as needed
Able to build and maintain lasting relationships with customers
BS degree, continued education preferred
Embrace working with fun, quirky, enthusiastic people
Love the rapid, unpredictable nature of a tech startup
Achieves the agreed-upon learning objectives
Is simple, human, and conversational
Seek, understand, and accurately implement internal and client feedback
Top notch presentation, collaboration, and interpersonal skills
Fluency in all things Microsoft Office
Participates in the selection of model options and upgrades.
Assists sales team with all consumer and broker events.
Develops and maintains division and community-specific marketing plans.
Candidates Will Need to Meet the Follow Qualifications:
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively.
Experience and proficiency in InDesign and Photoshop is preferred.
The Ideal Candidate Will Have the Following Core Competencies:
Candidates Will Need to Meet the Following Physical Requirements
3 years of Marketing or Communications experience
Demonstrated knowledge of technology product offerings and solutions
Proven record of successful project management and organizational skills
Proficient with Microsoft Office; Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint
Experience with sales productivity tools
Demonstrated ability to analyze data and conduct primary research
Experience in developing or utilizing strategic sales campaigns
Proven track record in developing and maintaining strategic relationships
Restaurant / Retail / Hospitality / Full Time
Aspromonte Marketing is looking for
to fill a current open position with our firm.
Candidates with Restaurant, Retail, or Hospitality experience
Our Signature Style of Play
leading provider for sales and marketing services
ability to train and develop executive TEAMS
our passion for our people
(clients, customers and employees alike), perpetual
- Pick your favorite charity!!
Can you make the cut?
Ability to keep up (and have fun) in a
one on one sales interaction
: Regional Vice President, Enterprise Market
3+ years of sales management experience.
Experience selling to the CMO.
Working knowledge and experience of the CRM space.
Excellent presentation and listening skills.
Ability to hire and train new sales representatives.
Provides continuous updating, revising and expanding of current content.
Associates degree in video production, design, or related field.
Demonstrated proficiency expert in Power Point.
Knowledge of design related programs Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop.
Ability to make quick revisions.
Troubleshoots and follows up on potential schedule/material problems.
Develop clear consumer messaging for key product rollouts.
Own audience and related marketing KPIs.
Gather insights to support product and marketing decisions.
Understanding and experience with F2P business model and monetization.
BA in Business/Marketing, Economics, or other related field.
Online, D2C, and social marketing experience a plus.
Experience managing and developing direct reports.
Build strong working relationships with investigators and site staff
Manage clinical monitoring activities, including:
Arranging on-site visits and logistics
Monitoring completeness and quality of Regulatory Documentation
Extensive on-site monitoring experience required
Strong written and verbal communication skills in local language
12575 Uline Dr. Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158
Corporate Headquarters in Pleasant Prairie, WI.
Become Uline's expert in your product category.
Analyze market and customer data with speed and passion.
Help source new products and manage the supply chain.
Quickly identify and resolve product quality concerns.
Provide copy, photo and layout suggestions during catalog production.
Proficient in Microsoft Office, especially in Excel.
Organized and analytical with relentless attention to detail.
State-of-the-art fitness facilities and gourmet cafeteria.
Click here to learn more.
Uline is a drug-free workplace
Performs other related duties as assigned.
Knowledge of basic accounting principles
Ability to organize and lead the work of others
An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Who we are . . .
What you need . . .
The ability to plan your day and achieve goals
What you will do . . .
Recommend solutions to your clients for their investment needs
Create referral opportunities and build a referral-based practice
How we help you . . .
Products we offer . . .
Life Insurance (Whole Life, Term Life & Variable Life)
Foresters Financial is a member of:
FINRA (Financial Industry Regulatory Authority)
ASBO (Association of School Business Officials)
NTSAA (National Tax Shelter Account Association)
PPA (American Society for Pension Professionals and Actuaries)
SIPC (Securities Investor Protection Corporation)
A highly entrepreneurial, self-motivated, results-oriented individual.
Understanding of needs of premier and emerging luxury brands.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent understanding of creative process and design execution.
Server+ or MCSA: Windows Server certification
Experience with database technologies (SQL Server, Mongo)
Experience with scripting (bash, power shell)
Responds to and resolves help desk requests
Performs troubleshooting through diagnostic techniques and pertinent questions.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience required.
Strong collaborative skills are also required.
Excellent project management using collaboration and strategic thinking.
to our Fortune 100 campaigns.
Assisting with efforts of customer acquisition and retention
Expertly managing the needs of external customers
Developing strong leadership and interpersonal skills
Driving sales through retail promotional campaigns
Build brand recognition through local events and experiential marketing
Strategize, execute and manage with the Brand Ambassador teams
Interact and communicate with customers
Primary Duties of the Entry Level Marketing Manager:
Executes Marketing campaigns and Plans Events depending on expertise.
Works with appropriate clients to support campaigns.
Provides coordination and project management to ensure event success.
Monitors use of existing sales tools.
Provides input on requirements for additional tools.
Experience in customer service or other people-oriented fields desired
Exceptional organizational and project management skills
Ability to work independently and within a team environment
Position: VP of Portfolio and Wealth Advisory
Actively participate in client meetings
Familiarity with various aspects of portfolio management
Highly motivated, extremely ethical & mature
Must be a Certified Occupancy Specialist.
Excellent administrative, communication, interpersonal and leadership skills.
Regularly measure, monitor, analyze and communicate marketing results.
Monitor program efficiency and implement improvement initiatives as needed.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIREMENTS
Exceptional project management, relationship management and communication skills required.
Excellent strategic marketing and business skills.
Direct marketing and retail mortgage experience strongly preferred.
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office software.
Experience supporting distributed sales teams strongly preferred.
4-year college degree required from an accredited college.
Location: Santa Clara, United States
Job Title: Global Campus & Intern Recruiting Program Manager
Three (3) or more years of technical recruitment experience
Project management, data-orientation and influencing skills
Organization, execution and clear communication
Client and colleague collaboration across a matrix organizational structure
Ability to incorporate key stakeholder feedback into strategy
MS Office Suite - Excel, PowerPoint, Word
Country or Area: United States
(Temp Positions Only): Not applicable
HR Country Location: United States
HR Town/City Location : Santa Clara
Provide recommendations to enhance processes and create efficiencies.
Manage individual sales expense budget.
Attend and work Blue Plate functions as needed.
Develop a holistic understanding of the Blue Plate Vision.
Perform other relevant duties as required.
Prior experience with reaching sales goals and objectives.
Comprehensive knowledge of off-site catering and event operations.
Highly organized with strong attention to detail.
Demonstrated initiative; results oriented and entrepreneurial minded.
Ability to manage confidential information and maintain its integrity.
Reports to: Director of Public Engagement
Location: Headquarters in Brookline, MA
Respond directly to social media inquiries across various platforms.
Occasional evening and weekend work required.
Here are some ways youll make an impact:
Are you our Star Senior Search Software Engineer?
You have experience in leading or mentoring less-experienced engineers.
Industry competitive salary and stock options
Full coverage (medical, dental, vision, and life)
401(k) program to help you save for the future
Educational assistance program to support lifelong learning
Regularly planned team and company events, alongside awesome teammates
Commuter benefits, cell-phone allowance, and a free gym membership
Project planning and consulting with clients and vendors
Survey design, testing and implementation (both qualitative and quantitative)
Qualitative interviewing, in person and/or by phone
Interviewing and focus group moderation
Managing and evaluating data collection and protocols
Analysis and synthesis of qualitative and quantitative data
Managing project budgets and clients
A passion for Market Research!
Solid understanding of research principles, design and methodologies
Bachelor's degree, advanced degree preferred
Strong computer skills (Excel a must, SPSS a bonus)
Excellent analytical and quantitative skills
Superior organization and management abilities
For more information, visit www.ams-inc.com.
Conduct analysis on competitive products in assigned market segments.
DRAM device knowledge at device and systems level.
Strong communication, collaboration, coaching, negotiation and presentation skills
Korean language skill is a plus but not required
Position Title Marketing Communications Manager, Consumer
Company Momentive Performance Materials Inc.
Know how to use CRM
Excel, Access and BI tools
Understanding of specialized SEO/SEM platforms and analysis platforms
Job responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Loading and unloading equipment and event materials
Driving station vehicles to and from events
Gathering all event items listed on pack list
Completing post event review forms
Capturing quality photos at events
Communication with clients and listeners at events
Successful candidates will possess the following skills/abilities:
Excellent interpersonal skills, outgoing and friendly
Highly organized and detail oriented
Ability to follow specific instructions and perform under pressure
Strong oral and written communication skills
High school diploma or equivalent
Must have personal cell phone
Ability to work weekdays, weekends, nights and some holidays
Ability to lift a minimum of 50 lbs.
Must be 18 years old or older
NO PHONE CALLS OR WALK-INS ACCEPTED.
IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Experience managing creative agencies and the agency briefing process
High level of creative and design skills.
Experience developing, managing and executing results-driven integrated marketing plans
Deliver awesome products at great value
Care for our communities and each other
Inquire, innovate and inspire daily
Be courageous to do what's right
Have open, honest and respectful communication
Work independently, out of your home or warehouse facility
Get paid based on your hard work and sales
Raise money for your community
Analytically oriented with ability to interpret trends and correlations
Strong knowledge of database & data warehousing concepts
Experience writing complex SQL queries
Experience with R, Python, or related programming language preferred
Experience with Tableau or other reporting/BI tools preferred
Experience documenting & presenting analytical results & product requirements
Full-time, year round position, job group and level SM-2
Conferences and Special Events (CASE)
Negotiate contracts, consulting with legal counsel when necessary
Train and manage students hired to support events
Supervise and provide developmental leadership to two staff
5 years of related experience planning conferences and events
Experience in major events management
Supervisory experience, including demonstrated staff management and leadership skills
Superior attention-to-detail, proofreading and editing skills
Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Working knowledge of Adobe InDesign
Work schedule flexibility to support evening and weekend events
Define, measure, and analyze success metrics
Support other partner marketing and programs activities, as needed
Alteryx, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer
Sylvania, Ohio OR Chicago, Illinois office
Collaborate with awesomely talented people.
Solid and confident in presentation, communication, and organization skills.
State / Province / Region
Bachelor's DegreeMaster's DegreeHigh SchoolSome CollegeAssociate DegreeLaw DegreeDoctoral Degree
Are you willing to relocate?*
Are you willing to travel?*
How did you hear about us?Employee ReferralClient
Lead a client, rather than take orders.
Demonstrate dedication, passion and commitment for this crazy business.
Communicate effectively in both a verbal and written manner.
Manage and mentor account executive and coordinator.
Extremely detail oriented and organized.
Job Title Revenue Planning Analyst - GolfNow
Business Segment NBC Sports Group
Must be willing to work in Orlando, FL
Familiarity with the golf industry
7+ years of IT marketing experience
Comfortable writing email and promotional copy
Excellent oral and written communication skills
High energy, enthusiasm and initiative
Proven ability to excel in a fast-paced environment
Strong team player with a positive attitude
Strong knowledge of Salesforce.com and Marketo is a plus
Account-based marketing experience is a plus
We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer
Please include a writing sample of your best work.
Oversee copy for creative product from inception through completion
Exceptional understanding of the branding process
Possess writing samples (must submit with resume)
Ability to think strategically as well as creatively
Contributes to the development and enhancement of claim training/curriculum.
May perform additional duties as assigned.
Creativity in resolving unique and challenging business problems.
Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite and other business-related software.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. Professional designations preferred.
Typically a minimum eight years claims experience.
Implementation of marketing campaigns and strategies
Customer service and client acquisition
Must be able to start working immediately if needed
Experience developing positive relationships and/or solving customer problems
Financial benefits available in management
Now Cruise at 65 mph!
Health, Dental, Life, and 401K
Deposited $7.5 Million in 2016
New Pet Policy furry 60lb pet allowed
Average Equipment age of 2 years
Debt Free and Privately owned
Stable & verifiable work history
Minimum of 4 months OTR experience*
A minimum GPA of 3.5;
1 - 5 years' previous marketing experience required;
Expertise in MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook);
Self-motivated, results oriented, detail oriented, and proactive;
Excellent verbal and interpersonal skills; outgoing, tenacious and ambitious;
Functions autonomously with a sense of urgency;
Ability to manage confidential information in a reliable manner.
Applicants must be currently authorized t
Manage the day-to-day relationship with analysts and influencers.
Proactively identify opportunities for innovation and improvements.
Continuously work on improving content, collaboration, and execution.
Proven experience managing external PR/MR firms with measurable results.
You have heart and are open, honest, and collaborative.
with elected officials, business groups, local agencies, and community
organizations throughout southern California. This includes
overseeing all planning and implementation logistics.
Serves as a leader on working
near and around Memorialcare Health System locations (including hospitals,
medical group locations, ambulatory surgical centers, etc).
events in new clinical and pediatric sites.
community partnership and engagement programs to enhance and support
level. This can include leading health summits, briefings, and
legislative bills, regulations and policies.
comprehensive and informative tours and/or presentations for community groups,
public officials, and other elected officials at MHS locations.
legislative contacts and association memberships for Memorialcare Health
Leads in the implementation of
counties and cities. Coordinate with Memorialcare Health System
Hospital staff on community outreach, community benefit, and marketing.
building trust in MHS catchment areas.
Five years or more years
conflict resolution, neighborhood organizing, and multi-party negotiations.
staff of elected officials and governmental bodies. This include
providing public presentations and briefing staff/elected officials/agency
implementing all event logistics for educational briefings, tours, roundtables
California state and county legislative process.
business, community and nonprofit committees.
programmatic logistics to developing budgets.
California elected official and or a nonprofit organization preferred
proficiency in MS Word, Excel, Power point
Ability to multi task on
and spreadsheets for planning events or projects.
public health, political science, communications, public administration or
Masters a degree a plus.
Associate Consultant (SOAR Program)About Intellinet
management consulting and technology services firm
that transforms the businesses of our clients through
, as well as one of
Best Small Firms to Work For.
Start & Grow Your Career
Intellinet offers a formal program called
(Strategic Orientation of Associate Recruits)
(process, business analysis, quality assurance, change management)
(development, digital marketing, mobile, analytics, and platforms)
Completes other special projects as assigned
Familiarity with Agile methodology (ex. Scrum, Kanban, etc.)
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills
What You May Also Have
Certification in project management and/or Agile/Scrum methodology
Free American Marketing Association membership
Gym membership to the Pru Powerhouse.
Comprehensive and competitive salary and benefits package.
The Customer Experience and Insights Department and the AMA
For more information, please visit our website, AMA.org.
Completed coursework in degree specialty is preferred
For more information about MISO, visit:
To apply to this position directly:
Activation Date: Wednesday, August 30, 2017
Expiration Date: Friday, December 1, 2017
Evolve reports to insights and recommendations
Interface with agency and client stakeholders to drive implementation
Engagement, influence, purchase intent, sentiment, reputation management
Creativity in developing social data frameworks and models
Profiling, retention, conversion, up-sell, cross-sell
Creativity in framing multivariate modelling
Media optimization across traditional and emerging media
A-B and multivariate test design
Assess existing market research and develop research plans
Design segmentation studies, concept tests, market simulations, tracking studies
Experience managing relationships with senior stakeholders
Ability to drive new business with existing relationships
Understanding of statistical analysis, modeling and programming
Understanding of media planning and Ad Tech
Experience with Campaign Management Tools a plus
Understanding of SEO and SEM
At MRM, Relationship is our Middle name.
It only counts if we deliver
3+ years of experience creating custom solutions on SharePoint
Experience with the principals of UI/UX design
Experience working independently and delivering results
Experience working in a fast paced, continuously evolving, environment
Strong understanding of Public Sector business standards
3+ years client side web development on cross-browser applications
3+ years application architecture experience on SharePoint
3+ years of hands-on experience with SharePoint administration
All times are in Pacific Daylight Time.
3+ years of experience creating custom solutions on SharePoint
Experience with the principals of UI/UX design
Experience working independently and delivering results
Experience working in a fast paced, continuously evolving, environment
Strong understanding of Public Sector business standards
3+ years client side web development on cross-browser applications
3+ years application architecture experience on SharePoint
3+ years of hands-on experience with SharePoint administration
For more information, visit https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/
Apply for this job onlineApply
Email this job to a friendRefer
Community College of Philadelphia is seeking to fill a
College-paid life and disability insurance
Tuition remission (for classes at the College)
403(b) retirement plan with 10% College contribution
Healthcare and Dependent Care flexible spending accounts
Paid vacation plus holiday and personal time off
Ability to think creatively and effectively execute ideas required.
Advanced writing and critical thinking skills required.
Excellent oral and written communication skills required.
Proficiency in grammar and copy editing/proofreading required.
Ability to multitask and meet tight deadlines required.
Previous marketing experience in higher education preferred.
LHC Group is seeking a Full-time Traveling RN
It's all about helping people.
Flexible schedule for field clinicians
Hire necessary talent to attain product goals
7+ years minimum leading payment-based product marketing
Ability to lead across technical and business teams
Ability to communicate at all org levels
Ability to interact effectively with customers and partners
Ability to hire and manage team members
Secure drink features and cocktails on drink menus
Must adhere to company's policies and procedures
RESPONSIBILITIES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO):
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:
Proven industry experience in managing a community.
Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills.
An exceptional benefits package which includes;
Potential for Incentives and Bonuses
Great opportunity with a growing organization.
Check out our site at www.herculesliving.com!
Hercules Real Estate Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Office of the Senior Vice Provost for Research (WS1763)
Required Skills, Knowledge and Abilities:
Passion for winning and driving results
Outstanding communication skills including written, presentations, analysis
Track record of successfully partnering with engineering and sales
10+ years of related marketing experience
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent (MBA is preferred)
Experience working in open source communities
Experience targeting the developer community
Experience working in and with distributed systems
Experience marketing into enterprise environments
Other duties may be assigned.
Convincing others to buy a product or service.
Promoting and maintaining high standards of quality at work.
Advanced knowledge of and experience with data analysis
Advanced proficiency with statistical modeling
Familiarity with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook)
Adobe Creative Suite skills a plus
Excellent project management skills; assignment execution & problem solving
Ability to work in team environment
Ability to work with vendors, ad agency, clients, etc
Other required skills, for example:
Basic math and quantitative analysis required
Ability to work occasional weekends and nights as needed
Maintain the vibe, cleanliness and organization of the space
Orient first-time members and short-term customers
Help out wherever you can
Curate community programs offering value added events
Organized, strong written and verbal skills
Great manger of diverse personalities
Be able to thrive in a start up environment
-Lead and mentor marketing analysts on various analytical projects
Senior Marketing Analyst Experience & Personal Qualities:
ARE YOU READY TO WORK AT ALTISOURCE?
We are looking for a
to be responsible for managing our portfolio of properties.
WHAT YOU GET TO DO
Manage Listed and Aging Properties
Coordinate and facilitate lease renewals
Manage HOA and/or city code violation issues:
License (real estate agent or CPM)
Strong proficiency with MS Office applications is mandatory.
Must be willing to work 10am to 7pm
Aggressive salary based on your experience and skills
Comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance plans
Life insurance, short-term, and long-term disability
For our employees, customers, and shareholders, we commit to
Lead the management of customer events
Manage close collaboration with the Media team
Serve on the Communications Leadership Team
Effectively manage reporting to leadership
Strong working knowledge of the creative process and production
Ability to successfully manage multiple, varied projects simultaneously
Strong familiarity with digital media
Facility with Microsoft Office products
Demonstrated experience leading successful marketing communications programs
Demonstrated experience in developing innovative, measurable, results-oriented communications approaches
- assist with onsite execution of events, as necessary.
A desire to learn and to teach.
For more information, please visit www.arkadin.com
Driving collaboration between sales leadership across Arkadin & Cisco
Travel domestically and internationally as required
Full compliance with the companies CRM database policies.
Proven team player with exceptional interpersonal and negotiating skills
Strong analytical, problem solving and communication skills
Must be proficient in all Microsoft office applications
Great personality and people skills
Ambition, strong work ethic, and willingness to learn
Fun & exciting team environment
Assisting in new business acquisition for our client
Developing strong leadership skills among our employees
For immediate consideration please submit your resume to careers@eraadvertisinginc.com
Please make subject line - "CSM"
Excellent written and verbal communication skills are a must
Meeting all assigned sales revenue and booking targets.
Identifying and soliciting new market opportunities
Developing new clients, while maintaining existing market accounts
Represents company at trade association meetings to promote product
Analyzes and controls expenditures to conform to budgetary requirements
MPLS and/or SDWAN industry experience
Meets all assigned sales revenue and booking targets
Utilizes direct and channel networks to gain new customers
Works with Sales Engineers for technical discovery and design
Sends all sites to pricing and reviews sales quotes
Insures completion of Sales Order Form, SLA and MSA
Works with pricing team to check discounts and pricing
Works with deal review team to finalize details
Goes through Contract Admin for final approval
Other duties may be assigned.
Able to work with all layers in the company
Wants to make a difference
TAKE THE NEXT STEP IN YOUR CAREER!
WHAT CAN RELIAS OFFER YOU?
Competitive base salary & generous bonus opportunity
Growth and career advancement opportunities!
One of The 2014 Inc. 5000 fastest growing companies
Communicating our value proposition and conduct product demonstrations
Experience in sales, hospitality, retail, and/or customer service
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Ambition to perform in a fast-paced, sales-oriented environment
Confidence to prospect and develop new leads
Retail Sales, Counseling, Account Executive, Retail, Healthcare, Sales
Discounted athletic and swim club memberships
Ample opportunity to volunteer with and support local charities
Creating and updating training materials
Teaching and/or facilitating internal technology training, as needed
Mobile device (iPhone, Droid, etc.) knowledge, a plus
Financial services industry experience, a plus
Additional skills needed to succeed in this role:
Extremely high-level customer service skills
Strong desire to establish and maintain relationships
Must be comfortable speaking in front of people
United States Department of State
Foreign Service Human Resources Officer
MANY Vacancies in throughout the world, Washington, D.C.
Responsibilities include managing a range of HR functions including:
Performance management, appraisal, and training and development;
Workforce planning and position classification.
Be a U.S. citizen and available for worldwide service.
Be able to obtain a Top Secret Security Clearance.
Liaison with the Department on conduct issues.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities (KSA)
Education and Specialized Experience Minimum Requirements
At the time of application, applicants must possess:
How You Will Be Evaluated
To preview questions please click here.
You can review our benefits at: https://careers.state.gov/work/benefits/fss
For information on FS salary, please visit https://careers.state.gov/faqs/faqs-wiki/foreign-service-salary-matching-pay-tables-danger-pay-overseas-moving-expenses-and-taxes.
Here's what you'll be doing:
Performs other work-related duties as assigned
what you need to know:
Excellent organization skills with a high attention to detail
Prioritize workload based on department requirements and staffing needs
Ability to function well in changing environment
Nu Look Home Design is an Equal Opportunity Employer
YRC Worldwide is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Follow company procedures for safely loading and unloading freight
Take and verify dispatch instructions
Operate a tractor-trailer combination (vans)
Safe operation of equipment and on-time movement of shipments
Conduct pre-trip and post-trip inspections
Maintain truck log according to state and federal regulations
Full- time driver benefits include:
Vacation, Holiday and Sick pay
Over Time by the day (over 8 hrs)
Cost of living increases are included in contract
Drivers Training Candidates should have
No major accidents in the last 3 years
No DUI/DWI in the last 3 years
Traveling is a requirement of this position.
Answer phones in a polite and timely manner
Greet patients in a friendly, hospitable manner
Schedule appointments in accordance with office protocols
Confirm all appointments consistent with company protocols
Resolve all billing concerns to patient satisfaction
Collect copays and set up financial arrangements
Set up account and new charts
Assist patients with completing paperwork
Coordinate front and back office patient flow
Previous dental front office experience highly preferred
Excellent communication and computer skills
Upbeat personality is a MUST
Ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment
Knowledge of Dentrix a plus
Record data concerning transfer of employees between departments.
Prepares periodic reports of earnings and deductions.
Participate in new hire orientation
1-3 years related payroll experience.
Experience in a fast-paced environment
Manufacturinc Experience, with automotive strongly preferred
Familiarity with accounting/payroll principles is a must.
Experience and proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite
Description of duties and task essential job functions:
Orders and maintains HR supplies and forms.
Performs other related tasks as assigned.
Assists employees with payroll questions and issues.
Prepares and maintains all payroll related records and reports.
Ensures accuracy, security, and completeness of employee data.
Coordinates payroll runs with ADP personnel.
Processes voluntary and involuntary deductions and related remittances.
Coordinates mailing or distribution of paychecks.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Well organized and attentive to details.
Strong verbal and written communication and customer service skills
Microsoft Office: Excel, Outlook, Word
Time and Attendance & Payroll System Skills (ADP preferred)
Qualifications of the Technical Recruiter
2+ years of IT recruiting
Strong analytical and organizational skills
Excellent commission/bonus plan based on personal goals
State-of-the-art computer systems and recruiting tools
Friendly, fun, and professional team environment
About VanderHouwen & Associates, Inc. (VHA)
Involvement with other HR projects as needed.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Excellent interpersonal, time management, and organizational skills
Monitors incoming emails, respond to inquiries and requests.
Manages and update Foundation contact database and mailing lists.
Tracks and update communications budget.
Works with designers, photographers, and printers.
Undertakes projects and other duties as assigned.
Manages social media content calendar.
Assists with social media monitoring.
Coordinates content across platforms, while ensuring consistency.
Content Development and Maintenance - 30%
Edits website content and post time-sensitive material.
Edits materials for Board members and meetings.
Excellent writing, editing and verbal communication skills.
Advanced knowledge of Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Intermediate knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite
Experience with video production and photography a plus.
Experience managing multiple social media accounts a plus.
Perform any other job related duties as assigned.
3+ Years of Human Resources Experience.
Able to set priorities, plan, organize and delegate.
Ability to prepare correspondence and meet deadlines.
Ability to work effectively under time constraints and deadlines.
Command of the English language both written and verbal.
We have an exciting opportunity for a
Organize and maintain HR department records and employment files
Ensure that new hire information is sent to candidates
Make recommendations for HR process improvements
Compile sensitive and confidential personnel statistics and preparing reports
Assist the HR team with special projects when needed
Perform a variety of general personnel administrative tasks
Three years minimum of administrative experience supporting HR
Previous experience with recruiting and on-boarding processes
Excellent computer skills and MS Office
Previous experience with HRIS & Workday desired
Director Talent Services and Development
Drives Talent Acquisition strategy execution
Ensure the highest delivery level of customer service
Monitor and constantly strive to manage/control recruiting costs
Analyze and recommend quantitative assessments and selection processes
Bachelors degree in Human Resources Management or Business
Minimum 3 years of managerial experience
Ability to work collaboratively, create solutions and think strategically
Ability to coach and mentor team members
Solid analytical and problem-solving skills
Working Title Director of Human Resources
Role Title Human Resource Manager III - 19096
Agency Dept of Alcoholic Beverage Control (999)
Location Richmond (City) - 760
Type of Recruitment General Public - G
Does this position have telework options? No
Job Type Detail Full-Time Salaried - Non-Faculty- FTS-1
Guide the design, implementation and analysis of innovative products
An entrepreneurial spirit and a focus on execution
Exceptional communication and presentation skills
2+ years Product / Technical / Design Management experience
B.S. in Computer Science or a related field
Master's, MBA or PhD degree
Hands on experience coding, designing mocks and analyzing data
Strong communication with an emphasis on authenticity and trust
Deep understanding of the engineering landscape and talent market
Ability to prioritize and manage expectations internally and externally
Experience with standard recruiting tools and resources
Positive attitude and team player
Maintains the strict confidentiality of sensitive information.
Other duties as assigned or required.
Engage, screen and interview qualified candidates
Interest in contributing to Client's mission and goals
Taking tank stick and gas console/dispenser meter readings
Reconcile funds including change fund, lottery and bank deposits
Complete DSR/DIR and send to accounting group
Ensure accuracy of pump readings
Ensure bank deposits are made daily
Effectively manage labor hours through proper scheduling
Ensure awareness of all personnel to security requirements
AboutWeb, LLC is currently looking for an
Collaborative team player and effective contributor
Demonstrated customer service orientation and interpersonal skills
SKILL AND KNOWLEDGE REQUIREMENTS INCLUDE
PHR certification required; SPHR certification preferred.
Bilingual a plus. Spanish preferred
Physical, Mental, and Emotional Requirements
Conflict resolution skills, empathy, and creative problem-solving required.
Excellent interpersonal, managerial, administrative, telephone and other communications skills.
achieves and is responsible for the following:
Fluent in Spanish and English
3 - 5 years of Human Resources experience
Restaurant or hospitality experience (a big plus)
High attention to detail, data integrity, and confidentiality
Excellent communication skills - interpersonal, verbal, written, and presentation
Knowledge of federal and California labor laws
Comprehensive knowledge of best practices in human resources management
Employee relations experience, including exposure to investigations
Proficiency with Microsoft Office, including Word and Excel
Run allocation and print pick tickets.
Oversee completion of SSOP process as required by QMS/SQF.
Quality control of outbound orders and documenting errors
Pick orders using RF units and powered lift equipment.
Stack cases on pallets when required.
Perform housekeeping tasks daily and as required.
Perform equipment battery exchanges as necessary.
Participate in battery watering and other maintenance as required.
Material handling equipment experience preferred.
401K Plan with company match
Maintain User Defined Fields in CitiComp.
Run population checks and validate movements in/out.
Streamline processes and eliminate redundant requests for information.
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Consultative, strong analytical, problem-solving skills
Personally committed to the delivery of exceptional results
Ability to meet deadlines while dealing with multiple priorities
Prefer candidate with global experience in Financial Services.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITES include the following.
Assist with the creation of standard operating procedures
Assist with filling staffing needs
Contact candidates and schedule interviews with hiring managers
Follow up with candidates by phone, email and in-person
Assist with writing job descriptions and employment ads
Verify candidate certifications and references
1 year of prior Recruiting or HR Coordinator experience
Strong detail and organization skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills
We love recruiting! That is the difference.
This is what makes us different from our competition
This is a difference you will see immediately
This difference is what makes us so successful
Let us pass this success on to you
See all of our opportunities at www.theresourcelink.com
Provide medical input into regulatory submissions
Must maintain a current status on Natera training requirements.
Employee must pass post offer criminal background check.
Skill and experience in building and managing a team
Ability to manage conflict with poise
PHYSICAL DEMANDS & WORK ENVIRONMENT
Office-based with location in San Carlos, CA
Travel up to 30-40% on average
For more information, visit www.natera.com.
Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
o Administer the employment verification process
o Complete I-9 employment authorizations
o Review and maintain job descriptions for North America
o Manage the employee rewards and recognition programs
o Conduct some new hire training
o Assist with the coordination of employee development training
o Bachelor degree from an accredited university
o 2+ years of HR administrative or coordination experience
o Flexibility to adapt to a changing environment
o Effective communication skills and attention to detail
o Manager, HR & Talent Development
Assist in coordination of complex physician interviews
Create and produce materials for email blasts and mailers
Partner with recruiters and vendors to research advertising opportunities
Create, refresh, and edit online job postings
Enjoy supporting mulitple recruiters and balancing competing priorities
High school diploma (or equivalent) required
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Computer skills using Microsoft applications including keyboarding dexterity
Excellent organizational and follow-through/follow-up skills
Critical thinking skills and ability to multi-task effectively
Valid driver's license and proof of insurance required
Demonstrated proficiency in PowerPoint and Visio preferred
Rensselaer, NY 12144 US (Primary)
Job Summary and Essential Functions
Title Regional Human Resources Manager
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND TASKS (up to five):
Previous HR Management experience is required.
Timeshare industry experience preferred, not required.
Strong interpersonal and analytical skills.
Must possess excellent verbal, written and oral communications skills.
Position requires up to 50% travel to regional sites.
What are Cornell's rewards and benefits?
Exercise independent judgment, analyze case problems
and be responsible for accurate communication
Constantly communicate and coordinate actions
What experience will you need?
Self-starter who has a desire to see things through
Superb listening and communication (verbal and written) skills required
apply through the Internal Cornell Career site.
No Visa sponsorship is available for this position.
No relocation assistance is available for this position
dashboard to view jobs at Cornell.
Plus all other duties that are assigned
Delivers presentations that meet high quality standards.
Facilitates Annual Enrollment meetings for ASO clients.
Partners with Sales and Operations to ensure client satisfaction.
Conducts initial Service Assessment to determine client needs.
401K with a company match
Paid Holidays, Paid Time Off and Sick time
Preparing onboarding/hiring paperwork for HR.
Utilize the Internet for recruitment.
Post positions to appropriate Internet sources.
Research new ways of using the Internet for recruitment.
Filing and scanning for HR and Sales department.
Help with additional ad hoc projects as needed.
Cover for Receptionist as needed
Strong Microsoft Outlook and Office Suite Skills.
Conducts employee meetings to discuss career growth opportunities.
Collaborates with managers to create employee development plans.
Conducts total compensation studies as needed.
Human Resources Information Systems (HRIS)
Monitors, tracks and schedules supervisor bi-annual sexual harassment training.
Administers leave of absence documentation for work-related injuries.
Provides support for personnel investigations.
Inputs employee 401(k) enrollment and loans as needed.
Prepares financial reports as requested.
Possess excellent communication and organizational skills.
Must be detail oriented with excellent problem solving abilities.
Microsoft Office, Excel and Outlook experience required.
Bilingual Spanish preferred, but not required.
Responsible for training a Backup Coordinator.
Shifts are scheduled for five hours each.
Prior retail merchandise display experience with OSJ preferred.
Work productively while independent and in a team environment.
Organizational efficiency with strong attention to detail and accuracy.
Store fixture and equipment knowledge.
Must be able to speak and comprehend English
Blue River Technology is based in Sunnyvale, CA.
Ensure succession plan in place for all key positions
BS/MS preferred in Human Resources, Business or related discipline.
Proven experience and strength in strategic HR.
Phoenix Contact is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/D/V).
Start Over with Job Search
OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION: (if applicable)
Healthy Kid & Family Program Specialist
Excellence in clinical care, service and communication
Utilizes data to support advocacy efforts.
Uses teaching skills and behavior change in intervention strategies.
Implement family health and wellness programs.
Administer education at various community locations.
Organize the facilitation and market the program.
Develop and administer evaluation tools.
Create and develop materials for curriculum.
Collect data evaluative and original data.
Maintain research records and documents.
Evaluates and reports program outcomes.
Collaborates with funders and donors to execute program deliverables.
Manage and coordinate a community collaborative group.
Maintain communication and updates among members of the group.
Provide materials for the community collaborative group.
Organize the training schedule, facility, materials and other needs.
Create and market promotional materials for trainings.
Develop curriculum and materials for the trainings.
Create, update and input original content for the website.
Assist in the design and development of the website.
Manage reports relating to the website.
Performs miscellaneous job related duties as requested.
Performs other duties as assigned or required.
Ability to maintain the confidentiality of sensitive information.
Travel Percentage Required 0% - 25%
This is a Full-time, Exempt role.
CPCU or CIC designations preferred
Excellent communication, negotiation, sales, and interpersonal skills required
Manage and resolve employee relations issues.
Conduct effective, thorough and objective investigations as needed.
Provide HR practice and policy guidance and interpretation.
Complete ad hoc-projects, and reporting as required.
Must demonstrate initiative to proactively assess and resolve issues.
Understands applicable Federal and State employment laws
Self-starter; must be able to work independently.
Demonstrated critical thinking and ability to think analytically.
For additional information on the Company, please visit www.DJOglobal.com.
DJO is a portfolio company of the Blackstone Group
Lead administrator for Affirmative Action Plan
Lead HR representative for employee surveys
Handles employee relations counseling, outplacement counseling and exit interviewing.
Consults with line management, providing HR guidance when appropriate
Participates in analysis and design of compensation strategies
Facilitates employee training within the HRIS system when necessary
Maintains employee information within the system
Participates in developing department goals, objectives and systems
May absorb duties of HR team members when necessary
Good organizational skills and attention to detail
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Background check & drug screening required
Pre/Post Employment and Random drug screen program administration
Maintain employee records and tracking
Maintain personnel files in compliance with applicable legal requirements
Serves as the 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan Administrator.
Serves as custodian of Company personnel records.
Ability to maintain high level of confidentiality
Evaluates progress toward attainment of outcomes.
Carolinas HealthCare System is an EOE/AA Employer
Ensures the timely, accurate distribution of Associate-related communications.
Adheres to all company policies, procedures and safety standards.
Minimum 2-3 years HR-related experience.
In-depth understanding of HR processes and HR-related regulations.
Customer focused with strong communication skills.
Corporate Human Resources Manager, Region Human Resource Manager
VETERANS - LGBT - DISABLED
Ability to work effectively with minimal supervision
Active/Interim or Renewable DoD Secret Clearance
Administer all wage garnishments in compliance with the law
Perform quarterly payroll and benefit audits
Support broad-scale administrative projects as assigned within HR
Experience processing international payroll preferred
Familiarity with ADP Workforce Now or other HRIS/payroll system
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills
Ability to multi-task and manage multiple priorities and deadlines
Complement your education with real-world experience
Exposure to diverse business units and their unique processes.
Networking events with peers, leaders and experts.
Advice on future opportunities to further your career.
Ideal candidates are full-time, first-year MBA students who possess:
Minimum five years prior work experience required.
Previous supervisory experience preferred for general management path.
Previous investment management experience preferred for investment path.
Strong analytical and strategic thinking skills.
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills.
Solid leadership and project management skills.
Sound like you? Apply now!
Represents Company in Unemployment Compensation Hearings as needed.
Actively participate on assigned teams and/or projects.
Support and represent company as a union-free environment
Provide a safe and productive work environment, including housekeeping.
Role model CITE and Working in Teams principles
Perform other tasks as directed by direct supervisor
This position typically does not have supervisory responsibilities.
Local, state and federal compliance
Bi-lingual in Spanish is a plus.
Track record of successful project management
Experience in working in a team environment
Management style must be consistent with CITE Principles
Strong planning/Organization & Time Management skills
Gold River, California, United States
Gartner Enterprise iPaaS Magic Quadrant
-Define clients' EDI integration requirements through analysis, and design
- Experience with enterprise integration tools
-Strong oral and written communication
-Manage multiple support cases at one time
-Works well in a fast paced environment
Has at least [5] years of progressive Human Resources
experience. Has a tertiary qualification
The primary role of the Human Resources Manager is
to develop and oversee companywide human resources strategies. Additionally,
planning, implementing and evaluating employee relations and human resources
Act as liaison between the company and outside legal
Must have demonstrated track record in developing and
implementing strategic business and HR objectives within a complex
Must have superior interpersonal, coaching,
communication, negotiation and consultative skills at all levels.
leaders to successfully influence them on key change initiatives.
Has demonstrated commitment to health, safety and
environmental policies and procedures, including development and training
of staff in these areas.
Experienced with HIPPA regulations and compliances.
Demonstrated ability to successfully coordinate
competing priorities, and ability to exercise effective judgment, sensitivity,
creativity to changing needs and situations.
Developing and implementing HR strategies and
initiatives aligned with the overall business strategy.
Identify legal requirements and government reporting
regulations affecting human resources functions and ensures policies,
procedures, and reporting are in compliance. Studies legislation,
Writes and deliver presentations to executive committee
or government officials regarding human resources policies and practices.
Keeps records of benefits plans participation such as
insurance and personnel transactions such as hires, promotions, transfers,
performance reviews, and terminations, and employee statistics for
government reporting should it be needed.
Administer benefits programs such as health, and dental
insurance, vacation, sick leave, leave of absence, and employee
Prepare reports and recommends procedures to reduce
Manage all aspects of leave administration, including
employee notifications, disability programs and benefit coordination.
Develop and conduct training in Leave of Absence
process and procedures for Managers, Supervisors.
Research issues pertaining to interactive process,
disability accommodation requests, and FMLA.
Assist management staff in annual year-end processes
Proficient use of Microsoft Office Suite including
include competency-based-training, on-the-job training, and other training
Provided by the professional staff of IABA.
performance management programs that drive a high-performance culture.
and train managers in interviewing and assessment procedures.
and monitor effectiveness of training programs.
implement and maintain human resources policies across the organization,
compliance. Respond to inquiries regarding company policies, procedures and
and implement applicable human resource federal and state requirements;
conducting investigations; maintaining records; representing the organization
benefits administration, claims resolution and informs employees of benefits.
investigations and determine solutions and necessary actions.
continual improvement in services provided.
records, reports, and logs to conform to EEO regulations.
reports associated with Human Resources.
706 Pelzer Highway, Easley, SC 29642
Brookdale. Bringing new life to senior living.
High school diploma or general education degree (GED) required
Brookdale is an EOE-(Equal Opportunity Employer) and drug-free workplace.
Olympus Corp of the Americas
Posting Locations Pennsylvania, Center Valley
Actively participate in strategic workforce planning initiatives as needed.
Lead various Talent Acquisition related projects as assigned.
Performs all other related duties as assigned.
Job Requirements: (ONLY QUALIFIED CANDIDATES WILL BE CONSIDERED)
Proven record of strong customer focus is necessary.
Data analysis and report building experience is preferred.
Excellent oral, written, presentation and organizational skills are essential.
Must have strong communication skills, both written and verbal.
Problem solving skills are necessary.
Lead both individual and team meetings.
Participate in budget planning and manage departmental expenses.
Ability to speak in a public forum
Ability to effectively manage/lead projects
Ability to supervise the work of others
Ability to maintain confidentiality of information
Strong PC skills and MS Office skills
Ability to prioritize and organize effectively
Advanced knowledge of recruitment trends and technologies
Advanced knowledge of staffing and employment practices
Human Resource Recruitment experience 7+
Successful experience leading a recruiting function/team 3+
5+ years of Human Resource generalist experience.
Master's Degree and HR certification a plus.
Demonstrated use of change management tools.
Ability to work effectively independently or in teams
Experience working for a complex organization.
Internal Communications experience a plus.
Exemplifies high standards of honesty, integrity and discretion.
Strong judgment, critical thinking and problem solving skills.
Demonstrated knowledge of state and federal employment law.
Ability to manage change, and multiple projects and priorities.
Willingness/ability to collaborate effectively at all levels of organization.
Strong computer skills including Microsoft Office Suite.
Ability to travel up to 20%.
Excellent compensation packages with extra commission incentives
A professional recruiting environment with strong opportunity for advancement
Effectively coach and motivate clientele.
Teach and encourage safe exercise techniques and exercise programming.
Design individually tailored exercise programs.
Nationally Recognized Personal Trainer Certification (company sponsored available)
Digital User Experience Research and Design Oversight
Digital Product and Experience Strategy / Innovation Pipeline
Consistently demonstrates regular, dependable attendance & punctuality
Project Management experience including experience managing complex projects.
Bachelor's degree with 6+ years of experience.
Participate in preparation efforts for labor negotiation meetings
Investigations, Hearings, Discipline and Legal Requirements
Knowledge of compensation and benefits practices and statutes
Knowledge of applicable labor laws
Ability to deal with confidential and sensitive information
Flexibility required to deal with changing priorities
Ability to communicate with all levels of personnel
Coaching, counseling, conflict management, consulting and influencing skills
Demonstrable experience with employee relations required
Manage all required non-discrimination testing annually.
Perform other job related duties as requested.
Work varied shifts, including weekends and holidays.
High school diploma or equivalent.
Previous experience working in a similar resort setting.
Consider applying here, if you want to:
Develop lasting relationships with great people.
Have the opportunity to build a satisfying career.
Human Resources Manager - Manufacturing
o Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration or related field
o Master's Degree in Business Administration or related field
THIS IS A TEMPORARY POSITION
* Ability to maintain a high level of confidentiality
Email similar jobs to me
Addthis Email Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+
Minimum job skills required to perform this job.
Minimum experience required to perform this job.
What's In It For You?
Posting Notes: Decatur || Georgia
Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.
Click here to reset your Password
2. Enter your NEW password here:
Please follow these steps to synchronize your accounts.
Click here to reset your Password
2. Enter your NEW password here:
Create a new account now!
Join the TJX Talent Community!
Perform duties using HRIS database systems
Complete various filing and data entry tasks
Assist with processing of employment status changes
Maintain calendar, schedule appointments, meetings and conferences
Assist with various research projects and/or special projects
Process mail for HR Department
Assist with employee relations matters
Manage time cards for the HR Department
Maintain and tracks HR data and metrics
High school diploma required, some college education a plus
Experience with ADP and KRONOS strongly preferred
Must demonstrate exceptional multitasking and organization
General office environment requiring ability to:
Stand, walk, sit for extended periods of time
Use keyboard and read from computer screen and reports
Lift up to 15 lbs.
Excellent analytical and technical skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Works well on a team
Self-motivated and passionate about quality and software excellence
Experience using automated software testing tools
Knowledge and experience with Agile development methods
Participate in and take the lead in Recruitment
b. Attend Job/Career Fairs as appropriate and approved
e. Screen candidates application packets
g. Perform telephone and in-person interviews with candidates
h. Perform reference and background checks
Participate in and take the lead in Onboarding/Training efforts
d. Complete Employee Separation Paperwork
Degrees Preferred: Human Resources, Business Administration, Business Management/Leadership, Psychology
Training, Skills, Knowledge and Experience
Specific Training in this field (R/Required, P/Preferred):
(P) PHR certification or SHRM-CP
Experience/Knowledge in this field (R/Required, P/Preferred):
(R) Familiarity of federal, state and local HR laws
Ability to multi-task and prioritize while being detail oriented
Thorough understanding of maintaining confidential information
How do I make a difference?
What skills, learnings, and experiences are required?
PC proficiency including Microsoft Office suite
Coordinate screenings/verification activities of HR Assistant or HR Coordinator
Extensive experience with Internet recruiting and interviewing & selection.
Understanding of applicable employment related laws and regulations.
Experience in serving high volume, multiple locations.
Sales & Training Specialist - Entry level - Automotive
Train and review product knowledge with dealership employees
Assist our clients with business needs
Must be willing to work nights and Saturdays
Must be authorized to work in the U.S.
TECHNOLOGY TRAINER - AV CONTROL SYSTEMS
Programming Certifications from AMX or Crestron
Experience delivering certification courses to adult learners
Experience programming in C,C#,.NET or other languages.
Experience working with IT and AV system networking
Excellent communication and presentation skills, (written, verbal, development)
Strong attention to detail, highly organized, computer literate
Extended Job Title Senior Director Human Resources Permian Basin
Org Level 1 Texas Tech Univ Health Sciences Ctr
Campus HSC - Permian Basin
Providing training as requested by Workforce Education and Development;
Compiling research and reports as requested by management;
Performing related work as assigned by management.
Excellent oral and written communication skills;
Supervisory skills including ability to mentor and develop staff;
Preferred Qualifications PHR/SPHR, SHRM-PC/SHRM-SPC certification.
Knowledge of state and federal employment law.
Does this position work in a research laboratory? No
Travel Required Up to 25%
Update payroll system with any new deductions
Generate post-payroll General Ledger reports and 401(k) interface file
Complete all post-processing payroll functions
Filing in employees folders as needed
Administration of Verizon Wireless account
Investigation of all agency payroll tax related notices
Professional, diplomatic and ethical practice
Ability to maintain a high level of confidentiality
Good to excellent spelling, grammar and written communication skills
Excellent telephone and oral communication skills
Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite and computer hardware
Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Must be able to effectively handle stressful situations
Visit us online at www.tritechcomm.com
Committed to meet customer service expectations
Answer phones within reasonable timeframe.
Maintain orderly filing system, purging records as needed.
May perform all required duties in the area of
(including, but not limited to):
Enter donor information into the Donor Information System (DIS).
Prepare and assemble new and repeat donor charts.
May perform specific entry-level duties in the area of
High School Diploma or equivalent required
Refers to management team for escalated donor/employee concerns. (internal)
Reports to Center Manager. (Internal)
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.
Licensed in the state as a LPN/LVN.
We welcome the opportunity to get to know you.
HR Compliance & Risk Management
Knowledge of a HRIS System
Administration of Workers Comp and Safety Programs
Administration of Leave of Absence Program
3-5 years of experience in Human Resources
Knowledge of a HRIS System
Leave of Absence administration experience in California
Basic knowledge of labor laws in California
Must be skilled at troubleshooting and problem solving
So why work at H.G. Fenton Company?
Who is Georgia-Pacific?Watch to find out!
A Day In The Life Typically Includes:
Lead and foster a safety culture
Be the subject matter expert on talent development
Management of Convergence LMS (Learning Management System)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience with Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint.
What Will Put You Ahead?
Want to learn more about Georgia-Pacific?
Salary and benefits commensurate with experience.
We are an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran
Manage the fiscal year incentive planning cycle and execution
Ensure full optimization of performance management HRIS modules
Comprehensive knowledge of broad human resources programs and processes
7+ years of progressive human resources or related experience
Post-secondary degree in Human Resources or related discipline
3+ years experience managing HR and/or support employees
Ability to travel as required, including international
Ability to organize and prioritize tasks
Ability to perform in a fast-paced environment
Ability to respect confidentiality of employee information
Ability to work independently to research and solve problems
Excellent oral and written communications and presentation skills
SPHR professional designation, SHRM CP or SCP
The Scoular Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer
*Leads HR team to execute HR programs as applicable
*Monitor overall employee engagement, well-being and productivity.
*Prior experience working with engineering, operations, and distribution preferred.
*Ability to quickly establish productive and credible working relationships.
*Well-developed judgment and influence skills.
*Ability to work independently and in a team environment.
*Strong commitment to customer service principles.
*Expert HR knowledge including best practice benchmarking.
*Strong analytical skills and attention to detail.
*Must have legal right to work in the U.S.
RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:
Provide advice on issues and programs
Facilitate dispute resolution and conduct investigations
Oversee Wellness program and supervise health clinic
Previous experience in a manager/supervisor role
Set a good example of personal integrity
Requires a high activity level and sense of urgency
Set a good example of personal integrity
Talent Acquisition Recruiter, Nursing Services
throughout BSWH to identify recruiting needs. Identifies potential candidate
candidates providing follow-up information as necessary.
The ideal Recruiter should have the ability to communicate
For more information on the facility, please click
Our competitive benefits package includes*:
Immediate eligibility for health and welfare benefits
401(k) savings plan with dollar-for-dollar match up to 5%
PTO accrual beginning Day 1
Note: Benefits may vary based upon position type and/or
Scott & White Health (BSWH) is the largest
States. With a commitment to and a track
degree or equivalent experience required
Currently recruiting for Spring 2018 (Mid-January to Mid-April)
NDA paperwork will need to be signed by students
Personnel, time and facilities to assist interns
Assist Program Managers with SEO content for existing clients
Google Analytics reporting and monitoring
Has great communication and grammar skills
Why would you want to intern here?
RN St Peter's Hospital, Albany
Monday through Friday..no weekends!! 4pm to 12am
-Current NYS Nursing license required.
-Experience in the field of addictions preferred.
Job Title Cloud Payroll Sales Executive- San Jose CA
Support and drive pipeline and velocity
Provide accurate forecast to his/her Management
Update CRM on a daily basis
Ensures accuracy of weekly activity reports and commission coversheets
Attend sales meetings held twice weekly
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience preferred
2+ years of Payroll Software sales expereince
Knowledge of the software industry
Familiarity with CRM software and reporting tools
Oversight of community involvement initiatives including United Way.
May participate in Novipax wide-programs and teams.
Other (including certifications and licenses):
Primary Responsibilities for the Junior Payroll Specialist include:
Biweekly payroll of all employees in multi-state environment
Off cycle paychecks, including terminations
Service Contract Act Fringe Benefit calculations and statements
Researches, analyzes, and resolves payroll-related problems or questions
Represent ConsenSys at industry and networking events
Develop a pipeline of active and passive candidates
Startup or entrepreneurial company experience preferred
Proficiency using ATS systems and sourcing tools
Interest in new technology, Blockchain, and/or Ethereum
Driving the reporting and approval process of new hires
Managing the on-boarding communications with new hires
Support Monthly events for intracompany meet ups.
Bachelors degree from an accredited university is required
3-5 years recruiting coordination experience
Exceptional strong written and verbal skills. Comfortable with numbers
Proficiency with MS Office (Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint, Word)
Multi-tasking master. Focused and efficient.
Creative independent thinker who enjoys on-the spot real-time brainstorming
Fast learner, team player, willing to share and teach
Comfortable with ambiguity, complexity and changing business needs
Open-minded to try new things
Fun with a great sense of humor
Coordinates and executes employee engagement initiatives.
Develops and manages recognition programs and events
Develops and updates HR policies and procedures.
Provides oversight to 3rd party unemployment claims processing
Performs other related duties as required and assigned.
Manages special projects as needed.
Strong organizational and analytical skills and attention to detail
Ability to work independently, plan effectively and produce results
Experience in Benefits Administration, HR Compliance, or Employee Relations.
Human Resources Business Partner - (17000098)
Oversee separation process for exiting employees
Own exit process for site employees, track exit data.
North America HR Team & Global HR Team Support
Any additional duties assigned by your manager.
Sense of Urgency, Get Things Done,
1000 Main Street, Rt. 5S
Travel: Yes, 5 % of the Time
LPN Essential job responsibilities include:
Previous experience providing senior care / healthcare setting
We participate in E-Verify and pre-employment drug testing.
Tech USA is seeking an HR Manager:
2-3 years working as an HR professional
Will be dealing with employees, new hires and training
Support safety program and full-cycle Recruitment process
Assist with development and implementation of new training programs
Lead additional projects as assigned
Minimum 3-8 years' experience required with Bachelor's Degree
Experience supporting blue collar workforce (Manufacturing, Distribution Center, Warehouse)
Strong knowledge of MS Office Suite and HRIS/AT systems.
Excellent written and verbal skills.
Organizational and follow up skills.
Knowledge and demonstration of talent acquisition best practices.
Experience managing recruiters while carry a req load
Training is provided for this position.
We are looking for someone who:
can be organized with paperwork
Interested in becoming the Team Lead?
Prepare monthly report on turnover including trend analysis.
Create and maintain job descriptions.
Lead and coordinates special projects, as assigned.
HR analytics and reporting experience highly preferred.
Demonstrated effective judgment and decision making ability.
Provide website updates and enhancements
Provide Program support as need
Prepares detailed specifications from which code will be written.
Maintains current knowledge of relevant technologies as assigned.
Participates in special projects as required.
2-5 years of directly related computer programming experience.
Desired experience with SQL Server and Security + certification
Reconcile Payroll G/L Account/Analyze G/L Uploads and Rejections.
Ability to audit, reconcile and file payroll tax reports.
Create Excel Reports as requested.
Supplement the Accounts Payable Department as required.
Five Years in Payroll/Health Care Payroll a Plus.
Advise management on federal and state employment law compliance
Coordinate on-going HR projects including:
Compensation and pay grade grades analysis and updates
Reporting monthly headcount and turnover analysis
Assisting in coordination of the annual employee engagement survey
Participating in special projects and coordinating company events
Responsible for Employee Benefits activities:
Conducting Open Enrollment and other informational meetings
Reconciling invoices and submitting for payment
GAINSCO is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer
Zingerman's Department For People (Human Resources) is hiring a
Responding to inquiries, including telephone, email and walk-ins;
Writing articles and updates for the staff newsletter;
Assisting Human Resources staff in preparing course materials;
Responding to verification of employment requests and reference checks;
Attending department, organization-wide and other meetings; and
Maintaining confidentiality of all employee records and other matters.
May facilitate an internal HR-related course;
May serve on a committee or work-group; and
The Success Patterns for this position are:
Twelve months human resources work experience preferred.
Strong communication skills--both verbal and written
Process improvement experience a plus
Previous experience in administering unemployment claims a plus
Spanish language/writing skills a plus
Successful Candidates will have the following Personal Characteristics:
High level of integrity, honesty, confidentiality and discretion
Detail-oriented, strong organizational skills and able to multi-task
Demonstrated analytical and research skills
Lead property loss control efforts, including management of vendor.
Develop renewal presentations for various underwriters.
Engage with the Group and Business Unit Finance teams
Strong technical insurance skills, including coverage analysis.
Ability to negotiate insurance terms and conditions and pricing.
Understanding of reverse flow insurance programs and captives.
Ability to multi-task and balance competing priorities.
Ability to communicate complex material to various audiences.
Team Builder, building cooperative working relationships
Strong analytical and communication skills
In-depth knowledge of spreadsheets and financial software
Industry certifications ARM or CPCU preferred
- Other duties may also be assigned.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (REQUIRED):
Proficiency with Microsoft Office and database applications.
Maintains knowledge of industry trends and employment legislation.
Provides HR policy guidance and interpretation.
4-10 years experience in HR position.
Bachelor's degree in human resources or related field.
Travel to clients in the Metro Detroit area.
Title: Senior Human Resources Generalist
Assess, evaluate and plan for ongoing staffing needs
Maintain applicant tracking, affirmative action and employee HRIS systems
Coordinate Internship/coop programs with local universities
Maintain, evaluate, implement Affirmative Action Plan
Administer and monitor performance management system
Research, develop, recommend and interpret policies and procedures
Adheres to all safety policies and procedures.
Customer service over the telephone and via email
Able to learn and accept feedback
Operates calmly under pressure and controls emotions
Bachelor s degree in Human Resources or related field
SPHR / PHR certification a plus.
2 years employee relations experience
Prior Affirmative Action Plan experience a plus
Prior training and development experience a plus
Strong customer service experience over the telephone and one-on-one
Strong interpersonal skills working with staff and management
Demonstrated experience working with and maintaining confidential information
Demonstrated experience coordinating, organizing and managing projects and information
Handle employee issues, performance improvement plans and exit interviews
Project manage compliance/audits (internal and external)
Perform other related duties as needed
Strong interpersonal, organizational, verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrated interest in continued professional development and personal growth
Hungry to make a difference
Aligned with eGain values and strategy
We're definitely looking for you, if you
Have a US work permit.
As a Technical Account Manager at Smartly.io you will
STEP 6 - Discussions with our leadership team.
Data entry for various reports, databases and spreadsheets
Create and distribute job postings
Provide primary relief to the Receptionist
Assist employees with HR forms, questions and translation.
Coordinate routine HR invoices, billing reconciliation and payments.
Allied Mineral Products, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.
Ability to work alternate shifts when needed
Ability to write reports, business correspondence
Experience conducting and resolving complex investigations
Experience with Ceridian payroll (Dayforce) and Workday HRIS
Working in a highly matrixed environment with multiple shifts
Exceptional emotional intelligence and problem solving ability
Balance of strategic and tactical skillsets
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision
State and federal employment law knowledge is required.
Working hours: 8:00 - 5:00
Steward Carney Hospital, Dorchester, MA
Dir. Patient Care, Dir. Quality & Safety
Conducts employee training on HR policies and programs.
Ensures compliance with union contracts and/or regulatory requirements.
Directs and manages performance and development of assigned personnel.
Minimized potential liabilities and risks
Satisfactory results for internal and external audits
Facility Location Inova Health System
Work Site Location CAMBRIDGE COURT
Work Site Address 8110 GATEHOUSE ROAD
Work Site City/State FALLS CHURCH, VA
Update all internship profiles for the upcoming season
Post internships on school internship databases
Assist with the interviewing and selection process
Research school relationships for the internship program
Update the Company Outplacement Packet and Industry Contact List
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Strong interest in pursuing a career in Human Resources
Ensure a One Amex approach to employee engagement
Drive change management efforts in the Market
Lead the design and delivery of the
As a key member of the
Ensures HR has plans in place to
In partnership with COEs, plays a key role in
leading talent planning and execution for Directors and below
are understood and adhered to
approach within the businesses and ensures a
Supports local initiatives and represents AXP in
in partnership with business leaders
Develops and drives execution of the
with HR policies, local workforce laws and regulations
Partners with Compensation & Benefits to ensure
Partners with and supports the GELR COE on
Partners with the L&D COE to ensure appropriate
7+ years of relevant HR experience and leadership
Keen focus on driving measurable high impact outcomes
Business knowledge and financial acumen
Tampa, FL 33634 (**Not available virtual/remote**)
Market & Shared Services LOBs
Manages and develops a team of Recruiters/Sr. Recruiters.
Promotes realistic time to fill metrics.
Performs other duties as assigned.
1 year experience in leading/supervising others required.
Advanced - Demonstrated ability to deal with confidential information
Intermediate - Ability to lead/manage others
Advanced - Ability to multi-task
Intermediate - Ability to influence internal and external constituents
Intermediate - Demonstrated written communication skills
Advanced - Demonstrated interpersonal/verbal communication skills
Advanced - Demonstrated customer service skills
Advanced - Demonstrated negotiation skills
Intermediate - Experience in multiple human resources disciplines
Professional in Human Resources (PHR) preferred.
SHRM or HRCI certification preferred
Respond to customer inquiries via instant messenger promptly.
Perform other duties as assigned.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED:
Excellent customer service skills and ability to multi-task.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality.
1+ years customer service experience required.
Prepare and process payment for expense reports
Follow HR and Payroll guidelines on all payroll processes
Reconcile timekeeping software with payroll register
Processing of manual checks such as terminations and discrepancies
Processing stop payments or adjustments of payroll
Ensure that computing, withholding, and deductions are done correctly
Knowledge of wage and hour laws
Knowledge of Excel and familiarity with Microsoft Word.
Should be comfortable with computer applications in general
Standard payroll process should be performed independently
Alerting Finance when procedures require clarification and documentation.
FIG & OLIVE is an Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F/D/V).
We are currently looking for a full time
What you will be doing:
Intermediate experience in diagnosing and correcting software related issues.
Basic experience in BASIC, SQL, C++, C# languages.
Experience working with LINUX/UNIX operating systems.
Ability to learn and understand current propriety software technologies.
Familiar with and understand collections and common collection practices.
What you will love about us:
Recreational Allowance - We pay you to have fun!
Get ready for a dynamic new career as a
Find out more about us: www.dakcs.com
5 -7 years of work related experience
1- 2 year managing a small team
Experience with Halogen and/or other learning management systems
Exemplifies the First Republic Bank culture and values
Must be able to travel as position requires.
May be required to lift 25-50lbs.
Conduct phone screens and in-person interviews with prospective candidates.
Match candidates to open positions.
Attend client meetings with account managers and colleagues.
Strong communication skills, both written and oral.
Experience with mentoring and training would be highly beneficial
Supports and implements employee retention strategies
Assist in confidential investigation of employee relations issues
Manages facility attendance program and leave processes
Expert level user of Microsoft Office products
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS OF THE POSITION
Other duties as deemed necessary.
Obsessive and unwavering commitment to making customers successful.
Manage and own the offer approval process
Initiate and facilitate the new hire onboarding process
Build, track and manage reporting dashboards
Manage tool implementations, integrations, and all systems related work
3-5 years of Recruiting or Human Resources experience
Experience with data tracking and/or online applicant tracking systems
Experience with vendor management and administration
Effective written and verbal communication skills
High-energy, driven, articulate and friendly personality with customer-service mindset
Proficiency in MS Office or PC based calendar/meeting applications
New Iron is growing and expanding our recruiting staff.
Signs youll enjoy this job
Contacting and Connecting with people energizes you
You love figuring out with makes people tick
You love learning about technology
You talk about Recruiting Tools and Techniques at lunch
Signs this isnt the job for you:
The phone wears on you and makes you tired
Challenges are an excuse you accept
Coaching and instant feedback does not excite you
Advocating for candidates through the hiring process
Qualifying technical talent through phone interviews
Building relationships that span the careers of your candidates
Exceptional spoken and written skills
Strong ability to read people over the phone
A track record of self-discipline
1 year of recruiting experience
Contacts customer/clinic directly to validate incomplete information.
Prepares requisitions to be filed daily.
Other duties as assigned by Management.
Must maintain a current status on Natera training requirements.
Employee must pass post offer criminal background check
Required- High School Diploma- GED
Organization, Typing, Data Entry Skills
Attention to Detail, Confidentiality, Thoroughness, Decision Making
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
Duties are typically performed in an office setting.
For more information, visit www.natera.com.
Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Host national training events on-site at Supportworks
- Help payroll manage all internal and external audits
- Able to reconcile employee deductions and other liabilities
- Offer proper review and verification of source documents
- Resolving payroll discrepancies by collecting and analyzing information
- Other duties as assigned
Completes the CBR Trainer Development Program.
Sets a positive example for all employees.
Communicates all process non-conformance issues directly to the supervisor/manager.
Is responsible for their trainee throughout the training process.
Participates in CBR Training Team meetings.
Initiates and/or participates in document review and approval.
Must maintain expert knowledge of documents in Mastercontrol.
Certified at all workstations where conducting training.
Selected as a Mentor in the Mentor program.
Manage claims for Unemployment - assist external CFO
Handle resolution for notices from various regulatory agencies
Ensure direct deposits are entered in for new employees
Must have experience working with Quickbooks payroll modules
Bachelors degree preferred but not required
Competitive salary offered and is commensurate with experience level.
as well as all other NCAA Championship sports.
Must possess great people skills and communication skills.
Well-developed analytical, organization, and presentation skills.
Experience with Microsoft Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Information Technology/Epic Training & Support
Our competitive benefits package includes*:
Immediate eligibility for health and welfare benefits
401(k) savings plan with dollar-for-dollar match up to 5%
PTO accrual beginning Day 1
Epic Certification required (Ambulatory certification preferred)
3-5 years of multi-site health care recruitment
Working knowledge of federal and state employment law
YRC Worldwide is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Responding to inquiries and requests within FMLA timelines
2-3 years Human Resources experience
Working knowledge of FMLA Regulations
Proficient in MicroSoft Word and Excel
Experience working with Lawson and/or similar HRIS system
Ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks
Experience working with union contracts a plus
Proven track record in crafting compelling product positioning
Experience working with direct distribution teams and channel partners
MBA preferred, but not required.
Sleep Number is seeking a highly effective
Miscellaneous duties and projects, as assigned.
3-5 years payroll processing experience.
Experience with GL process a plus.
Knowledge of ADP/ProBusiness payroll system a plus.
Oracle (OTL) experience a plus.
Associates Degree, preferably in Finance or Human Resources.
Builds courses in the virtual learning environment (VLE).
In some cases, manage course development projects
Performs other duties, as assigned.
Excellent organizational and interpersonal communication skills
Ability to work in a deadline-driven, detail-oriented, multi-task environment
Ability to work independently and with a team
Experience with digital content creation is preferred.
Manage all aspects of ADP platform integration
Implement pre-screening mechanisms to better vet candidates
Organize job fairs when necessary
Be fluent in general Human Resources policy and law
Develop and roll out exit interview process
Collaborate with Marketing & Training on employee engagement initiatives
Measure and track employee turnover rates
Manage medical benefit plan research, renewals and rollouts
Must be highly organized with attention to detail
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Proficiency in MS Office preferred
Additional Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Ability to coordinate and effectively prioritize multiple tasks
Comprehensive Medical, Dental & Vision Programs
Mediate and settle manager and coworker disputes.
Conduct internal investigations (i.e. sexual harassment and discrimination concerns).
Travel to CDW locations as needed.
Strong conflict resolution and problem solving skills.
History of analytical and project management skills.
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications.
Processes all background checks, notifying appropriate management of results
Coordinates credentialing for physicians and psychiatrists
2 years experience, preferably in a healthcare setting
Experience conducting new hire orientation
Salary range: $27,000- 30,000 per year
Paid Time Off (PTO) Plan
Performs other related duties as required and assigned.
Are proactive with people and can lead by example
Minimum 7 years Human Resources experience.
Spanish, French or Portuguese would be a benefit.
Responsible for meeting or exceeding specific individual sales goals.
High School Diploma or equivalent experience.
1-2 Years of related experience.
Sales skills with the ability to influence Customers.
Good written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to schedule and prioritize work.
Basic knowledge of Excel and Word.
Completes online regulatory training requirements.
EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.
Pre-qualify candidate and develop interview slates
Experience in general HR functions is preferred
Excellent understanding of the organizations goals and objectives
Common understanding of Employment Law
Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff
Highly self-motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail
Proven analytical and creative problem-solving abilities
Ability to work in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
Demonstrated proactive approaches to problem-solving with strong decision-making capability
Travel will be up to 30% depending upon circumstances
Traveling periodically to other locations as needed.
Create maps and compile data for long-term survey datasets;
Prior experience working collaboratively in a multi-agency environment, desirable;
Possess strong organizational skills and be detail oriented;
Curriculum Designer for Global Insurance Learning & Development
Utilizes Talent Portal to track and measure learning solutions.
Understands implementation of organizational wide programs and solutions.
Understands global nuances and an international workforce.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong understanding of insurance and is required.
Pre-screen candidates, coordinate and conduct interviews;
Maintenance of our Applicant Tracking System;
Assist with the transfer process of internal staff;
Serve as backup for other HR functions as necessary;
Assist with special projects as needed.
Flexible in adapting and responding to changing situations;
skills, and ability to multi-task;
Professional level of confidentiality in handling employee information;
Thorough working knowledge of all of the HR disciplines;
Proficient in 2010 MS Outlook, Word, PowerPoint and Excel;
Knowledge of ADP Workforce Now a plus.
Minimum of 2 years as Human Resources office staff
Hands-on experience using Total Workforce Management System (TWMS);
Hands-on experience using office automation and general office administration;
Hands-on experience preparing of AD HOC reports
RTL Networks Offers a Competitive Total Compensation Package
Medical, dependent care, and transportation flexible spending accounts
401(k) retirement plan with a company match
Paid time off (vacation, sick, community service)
12575 Uline Dr. Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158
Paid Internship - Summer 2018
Assist with administration of Uline's HR programs.
Recruit for entry level positions.
Assist with college recruiting plans and materials.
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
Advanced Microsoft Office skills required.
Excellent communication (written, oral, interpersonal) and organization skills.
BENEFITS OF A ULINE INTERNSHIP
Work in a positive, well-balanced environment.
Apply online today to join us in 2018!
Uline is a drug-free workplace
Essential Duties, Responsibilities and Impact
Organizational Design and Change Management
Required Background and Experience, Skills and Behaviors
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Excellent organizational and interpersonal skills
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Practical outlook, flexible and creative
General Description of the Role
Respond to routine employee questions, as needed.
Build awareness and compliance on policies & procedures
Build awareness, understanding and alignment on new/emerging plans/changes
Maintain compliance with HR related regulatory training
Understanding of routine HR processes and procedures
Strong investigation and resolution skills
Ability to work effectively with people
Seneca is currently seeking an energetic
Maintain payroll system and employee profiles in payroll system
Assist with year-end reconciliation and W2 processing and distribution
Complete payroll related reports for distribution to management
Must be able to work overtime as needed
Prior experience with multi state payroll processing
High level of confidentiality is imperative
What makes PT at Blink different?
Provide hospitality to all members
Set the positive energy and tone of the Club
Approved Personal Training Certification Required
Understand principles of physical fitness and proper exercise technique
Possess excellent customer service skills
Possess or be willing to learn sales skills
Ability to self-promote and network
Adjust and operate fitness equipment
Competitive compensation and bonus opportunities
Comprehensive Benefits package for all Trainers
Medical, Dental, and Vision plans
Job responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Monitoring student progress throughout duration of training.
High school diploma or equivalent required (Bachelor's degree preferred).
Proven presentation and facilitation skills.
Full & Part-Time positions available
Salary review at 90 days and annually
Adcomm offers health, dental, vision and supplemental benefits.
PTO (Paid Time Off) program.
Adcomm is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Develops measurable training objectives to address customer needs.
Implement and deliver operation systems training to customer audiences.
Conduct train-the-trainer programs where needed.
Experience with Help and Manual or UPK preferred.
Responsible for ensuring SLAs are met.
Manages the candidate selection and offer process.
May perform other duties as assigned.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience required.
2+ years sourcing / full-cycle recruiting experience preferred.
Attention to detail with strong organization / follow-up skills.
Good working knowledge of employment law.
Possesses a valid driver's license.
Ability to travel as needed.
Computer Science degree or equivalent experience
Strong system level C++/C skills
Strong initiative and ability to work independently
Windows or Mac programming experience
Experience using Unitys engine and tools
Administer compensation and benefit plans
Serve as relationship manager with third party service providers
Help manage the companys Employee Lifecycle Program
Assist with employee relations/team building activities
Bachelors degree, PHR/SPHR designation or advanced degree preferred
5+ years of experience as an HR Generalist
Proven ability to build solid, trusting and credible relationships
Excellent communication and people skills
Self-motivated but know when to seek further guidance
Strong organization and project management skills
Assist in determining training needs within the company.
Oversee the delivery and effectiveness of purchased classes.
Communicate effectively an actively seek and provide feedback.
Work varying shifts and overtime as business needs arise.
Provide a challenging environment that encourages self-development.
Instructional design and developmental experience.
Ability to analyze and interpret training results.
Ability to coordinate multiple classes/assignments in multiple locations simultaneously.
Actively participates with and supports the department team.
Adheres to company policies, procedures and practices.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Excellent presentation and facilitation skills.
Proficient English, grammar, spelling, punctuation and math skills.
Professional appearance and demeanor consistent with position and responsibilities.
Occasionally lift up to 50 lbs.
Frequent exposure to shop/warehouse/outside environment.
Occasional travel and overnight stays.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP
402 - Heartland Health Care Center - Peoria, Illinois
Medical, Dental, Vision, & 401k plans
Customer Service / Call Center Representative
Ability to work with customers to resolve inquiries.
Provide troubleshooting assistance to customers
Recommend products that best suit the customer.
Ability to read and interpret documents.
Customer Service / Call Center Representatives
are successful when they meet the following requirements:
Excellent telephone manner and listening skills.
The ability to work in a team environment.
The ability to work under pressure.
The ability to sit for long periods of time.
Excellent attention to detail and multi-tasking ability.
Self-motivation to work under his/her own initiative.
Must pass state, federal and criminal background check
Talent acquisition and staffing of CONUS and OCONUS positions
AA/EEO and Labor Relations Compliance
2+ years of HR generalist experience
Experience negotiating with benefits vendors
Experience with full life cycle of open enrollment
Exceptional written and verbal communications skills
Experience with recruitment of defense contracting personnel
Experience recruiting for positions based OCONUS
Maintain compliance with federal and state regulations concerning employment.
2 plus years Human Resources work preferred.
Excellent presentation, communication and interpersonal skills.
Active listening and problem solving sills.
Intermediate skill level with Microsoft Excel and Word.
WORK SCHEDULE: Full-time Monday Friday 8:00 a.m. 5:00 p.m.
"PROTECTED VETERANS" AND "INDIVIDUAL WITH DISABILITY"
Supply Support and Training Manager
Serve as the AFLCMC/WII Transportation Accounting Code Mgr.
Coordinate organic and depot training requirements.
Must possess a Masters degree in a relevant field
Administering benefit eligibility and enrollment
Assisting employees and management with payroll issues and questions
Maintaining confidentiality of personnel data
Other HR duties as assigned
Must be proficient with Microsoft Word and Excel.
Must possess basic understanding of HR and payroll laws
Retirement Savings Program with matching contribution
Corporate Chaplains of America Program
California, North Bay/Lake County, Santa Rosa
Sutter Santa Rosa Regional Hospital
Days of the Week Scheduled:
Hrs Per 2wk Pay Period:
Learn more about this agency
Questions? This job is open to 2 groups.
You must be a US Citizen or US National
Satisfactory background investigation and/or fingerprint check
This announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies.
How You Will Be Evaluated
To view the application form, visit: https://sec.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=04E6C137-D45B-4EE9-8493-A7FB00D519FE
Background checks and security clearance
Public Trust - Background Investigation
Current and former Federal employees
Current permanent FSA County employees
U.S. Department of Agriculture Photos
U.S. Department of Agriculture Reviews
Get alerts to jobs like this, to your inbox.
We are currently seeking a Recruiter:
Pre-screens applicants for hiring managers where appropriate and feasible.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.
Good relationship building, interpersonal and communication skills.
Escalate complex issues to escalate to HR Manager.
Implement initiatives and programs to improve employee engagement.
Position Skills and Experience Requirements:
Demonstrates proficiency with Microsoft applications.
Working Title Human Resource Specialist
Role Title Human Resource Analyst I - 19091
Hiring Range $17.00 - $20.00 per hour
Location Roanoke County - 161
Type of Recruitment General Public - G
Does this position have telework options? No
Job Type Detail Wage Non-Faculty- W-1
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to comprehend and provide guidance on personnel policies
Work experience in Human Resources
Related work experience in a healthcare setting
Human Resource experience for the Commonwealth of Virginia
Professionals endowed with superior technical and customer service skills
Facilities which are clean, efficient, and service-oriented
Innovation in education and training
To document and perform charge related functions.
Accepts additional supervisory/management responsibilities and duties as assigned.
Prevention of Athletic Injuries: Design and Implement Prevention programs.
Knowledge of normal anatomical structure and function.
Knowledge of physiological demand and response to exercise.
Knowledge of normal biomechanical demands of exercise.
Knowledge of nutritional demands of the athlete.
Uses assigned athletic training equipment safely and proficiently.
Maintains statistics and injury logs as established.
Licensure appropriate to governing body of state licensing board.
Job Category: Professional / Management
Location: Winston-Salem, NC North Carolina
- Enterprise Learning & Development, Human Resources.
Experience managing internal and external resources and vendor relationships.
Experience in healthcare industry highly preferred
Prosci or other OCM certification desired
Conducting an initial case for change and impact assessment
Identifying and aligning OCM resource requirements
Determining key activities, milestones, and dependencies
Assessing implementation and adoption progress; highlight risks and issues.
Manage and maintain vendor contracts as utilized and needed.
Excellent business acumen and strategic thinking
Skilled with MS Office Suite required.
[This link will not work with your browser.
Physician and Faculty Careers >>
Nursing Students and Nurse Graduates
to join the HR team.
Specifically, the HRM is responsible for the following outcomes:
you will receive many benefits including:
Advancement opportunities for outstanding performers
For more information visit www.RentPath.com
Qualified applicants with a criminal history will be considered.
Ability to maintain strict confidentiality.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, high-energy environment.
We are an EOE F/M/D/V.
Participate in and plan networking, recruiting and hiring events
Develop creative recruitment solutions and talent pipeline strategies.
Provide and ensure great candidate experiences.
Performs other related duties as required
Ability to interact with internal and external stakeholders
Collaborate with team and client Project Manager on configuration.
Perform other related duties as required and assigned.
Experienced in customer service and handling difficult situations.
Basic accounting and advanced payroll knowledge
Proactive thinking to assess needs
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
High level of attention to detail and organized
Familiarity with Pennsylvania local taxability a plus
FPC or CPP or related certification desired
Experience conducting behavioral or structured interviews
Perform guidance and facilitate the negotiation process through completion
Excellent growth and advancement opportunities
Salary is commensurate with experience.
This position is a Band Code APMP310.
Responsible for managing HR departmental operations and strategic planning.
Fosters an environment that values diversity and inclusion.
Prepares budget recommendations, and monitors and controls HR expenditures.
Provides fiscal management, ensuring responsible budget allocations and expenditures.
Initiates, develops, and supports employee development activities.
Demonstrates ability to present and sell ideas.
Adheres to internal controls and reporting structure.
Performs related duties as assigned.
KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS / ABILITIES:
Demonstrates a positive attitude in achieving organizational outcomes.
Is active in professional organizations.
Enhances skills/knowledge by maintaining an active continuing education program.
Off-boarding: process the closeout of employees exiting the company
Assist employees with queries related to employment and benefits
Update our HRIS: process employee status and payroll changes
Track and issue all tuition reimbursements
Youll love this job if youre:
2+ years of relevant human resources experience
Knowledge of human resources processes and best practices
Experience with human resources databases and HRIS systems
Ability to handle confidential information in a professional manner
Previous warehouse/fulfillment human resources experience
Three (3) or more years of supervisory/management experience
In-depth, hands-on experience with Ceridian Dayforce
Knowledge of Microsoft Office applications (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel)
CoBank is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Set-up training programs in the registration system
Track, report and advise on the progress of registrations
Course offering creation & maintenance
Reporting towards Operations & Deployment Manager
Requirements for the position include
Have a strong feeling and appreciation for administrative tasks
Have the ability to multi-task and work with timelines
Have proven oral and written communication in English
Social Responsibility through Shared Value
Retirement Savings Plan with Company Match
Paid Time Off and Sick Time
Tuition Reimbursement (Canada, India, Israel, US)
Management and Employee Training Development
ASRC Federal is seeking a
research, analysis, and subsequently develop documentation described in
The Cost Benefit Analysis provides initial information
conceptual solutions within functional areas.
Requires a thorough understanding of the Army Capabilities
Integration Center cost-benefit analysis requirements and procedures for
Must possess TS Clearance and be eligible for SCI.
probability, statistics, mathematical logic, science, or subject-matter
courses requiring substantial competence in college-level mathematics or
its Subsidiaries are Equal Opportunity/ Affirmative Action employers.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to
race, gender, color, age, sexual orientation, gender identification,
national origin, religion, marital status, ancestry, citizenship,
every day. Reuters provides trusted business, financial, national, and
media organizations, and directly to consumers at Reuters.com.
Organize video and teleconference meetings with global partners.
Process complicated expense reports, purchase orders and invoices.
Special projects on an ad hoc basis
Regular coordination of headcount and distribution list maintenance.
Assist with ad hoc HR projects, reports and deliverables.
Support the Reuters HR team as needed.
Shift: Monday - Friday (starting at 7:30 am)
Implement and utilize HR metrics to measure performance
Draft and present payment plans to resident for signature.
Prepare and submit month end batch reports.
Maintenance of all on-site and headquarter records.
Consistently provide professional support to CHH residents.
Process Repair Request Forms from residents.
Respond to building emergencies during and after work hours.
Coordinate and participate in turning units.
Ensure all interior and exterior common areas are clean.
Perform minor interior and exterior repairs/maintenance.
Purchase and maintain frequently used supplies on-site.
Complete preventative maintenance program as outlined for building.
Coordinate annual and funder inspections and associated repairs.
Coordinate pest control services as needed.
Perform on-site training with Site Managers.
Train staff on all CHH policies and procedures.
Train staff on preventive maintenance plans and building systems.
Assist Site Managers with the leasing process.
Submit background check to verify rental and criminal history.
Process additions to households, key permissions and pet documents.
Assist with coordinating community building events at buildings bi-annually.
Attend community/neighborhood meetings as directed.
High school diploma or GED preferred.
Standard business English, ability to speak, read and write.
Basic Computer Skills; Microsoft suite, Outlook and Internet.
One year experience with CHH.
Training or coaching of staff members.
Two years affordable housing property management experience.
Experience working with seniors and/or disabled.
Conduct audits to ensure all HR data is accurate
Generate reports for the HR team and provide analysis
Support benefits and payroll administration
Conducting phone screens and onsite interviews
Able to assist in the development of HR processes
Assist in the training coordination of new hires
Manage and renew job postings for open positions
High attention to detail and strong organization skills
Dependable and demonstrates strong time management
Able to maintain confidentiality at all times
Professional and excellent customer service skills
Strong desire to grow skills and willingness to learn
1-2 years experience within Human Resources
Bachelors degree in Business, Human Resources, or Organizational Leadership
Michelman is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
Support auditor information requests for internal and external audits.
Experience in a shared services or manufacturing environment preferred.
This job has no direct supervisory responsibilities.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities may include the following:
Verifies that cash is received for vehicle sales
Reconciles manufacture rebate and incentive receivables
Reviews, balances, and interprets computer reports, and makes corrections.
Maintains CSI at or above company standards
Maintains an organized, clean and safe work area
Records all hours worked accurately in company timekeeping system
Follows Safeguards rules and regulations.
Complies with Company policies and procedures
Teamwork through Trust and Respect
For more information regarding the EEOC, please visit http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf.
Able to handle most problems/exceptions in an independent manner
Strong understanding of product profitability of banking products
Coping with Pressure and Adversity-Integrity
Acts on Behalf of Customer
Driving a CDL straight truck 35-45'
Loading trucks-varies with location 05'
Picking up supplies for return to warehouse 05'
Excellent communication skills are essential
May require overnight stays in certain locations
Must pass DOT examination requirements and random drug screening
Must pass physical agility test
Understand and follow (DOT) requirements
Achieve passing grade on the annual DOT test
Comply with docking, loading and unloading procedures
Understand hazards of products on the vehicle
EEO is the law - Poster Supplement
Completes an accurate assessment of patients within assigned specialty.
Facilitates written medical orders vs verbal orders, when appropriate.
Progress Note Plan of Care
Participates in preceptorship/internship of nurse practitioner students, as assigned.
Accepts assignments to share/teach knowledge and provide clinical support.
Current and valid Federal DEA license required.
Basic Cardiac Life Support (BLS) required to work
Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS) required.
Moderates live online and classroom courses.
Edits recorded webinars and webcast videos for on-demand offerings.
Performs other duties and special projects as assigned.
Proficient in MS Word, Excel, and Project.
Experience with Adobe Premier Pro is preferred.
Excellent communication skills: verbal, written, and interpersonal.
Ability to handle multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment.
USP offers an impressive benefits package, including:
Assume HR leadership for one or more sites
Participates in Engagement Team activities
Demonstrated high degree of business acumen
Entry level project management skills
Excellent written, verbal & presentation skills
Ability to travel 25%+ and work independently
Maintain personal information and employment data in HR/payroll systems.
Manage the maintenance of personnel records.
Maintain compliance with federal and state regulations concerning employment.
Assist HR Manager with various projects.
Involvement in lean processes/six sigma.
Job Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Must have working knowledge of payroll laws and practices.
Must be able to maintain confidential information.
Job Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Must have working knowledge of payroll laws and practices.
Must be able to maintain confidential information.
A minimum of 2 years of HR Generalist experience.
Deep understanding of all aspects of the recruiting process.
High degree of comfort negotiating offers with candidates.
Competitive salary and equity package
Health, dental, and vision plans
Unlimited vacation time and generous holiday breaks
Culture of learning and development
Company sponsored job performance coaching program
Sourcing candidates for diverse positions
Interviewing candidates to determine skill set and career goals
Researching and developing innovative strategies to recruit top talent
Managing candidates seamlessly through the recruiting process
Following up persistently with candidates and hiring managers
Performing reference and background checks
Performing management reporting and tracking
Strong PC and/or Mac skills---knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel
consideration, please register and apply below!
Maintains quality service by implementing and following organization standards
Preparation of new hire packages and materials
Acts as a first line contact for employees
Administers Drug Testing and Background Checks
Prepares and files Personnel Action Forms, as required
Updates employee files and the HR filing system regularly
Administers DOL and Unemployment Reporting, as required
Assists with HR documentation, as requested
Maintains organization charts and job descriptions
Responsible for oversight of donations and gifts
Handles Florida Real Estate Sales License Activations/Deactivations
Oversees the management of employee information in ADP
Coordinate and schedule First Aid/CPR classes
Enter insured vendors in to in-house database (once approved)
Scan all Certificates Of Insurance in the database
Follow up on expired vendors Certificates Of Insurance
Send out benefit packages to newly eligible employees
Manage the Labor law posters including ordering and invoicing
Produce the OSHA logs per location and distribute
Assist with verification of employment request
Bachelor's degree in Human Resources or related discipline
Ability to work under pressure generated by short deadlines
Consults with management on performance, organizational, and leadership matters.
Complies with all policies and procedures of the Corporation.
Ability to maintain a high degree of confidentiality.
Experience supervising and mentoring a team of HR Generalists.
Ability to travel up to 50%
Excellent process and problem solving skills
Excellent presentation & writing skills.
This position does NOT have relocation assistance.
Keywords: Finance, Human Resources, Medical, Healthcare
How Youll Make an Impact:
Coordinating meetings for the HR team
Creating and/or proofing HR presentations, documents and communications
Facilitating various on-boarding processes for new hires
Creating and maintaining employment offer letters
Auditing new hire forms for proper completion
Facilitating various off-boarding processes for departing associates
Identifying improvements for our current HR processes
Exhibiting unwavering integrity and confidentiality in all situations
Your Desired Skills, Experiences and Values:
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Comfort level in learning new software, processes and systems
Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Knowledge of Human Resources processes and software, a plus
Ability to manage multiple deadlines in a fast-paced environment
Posting Type: External - Open to All Applicants
Classification (Appropriated) Title Part-Time Faculty
Department: Corporate & Non Credit Learning
You must be willing to:
Where do you currently reside?
Are you a US citizen? Yes/No
Edwards Place of Employment is a BBB accredited business
Solve problems and overcome hurdles when circumstances change.
Build strong hiring manager and cross functional collaborative relationships.
Experience in a high growth, high tech environment.
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.
Machine Learning, Algorithms and/or Data Science recruiting experience.
Digital Health, Medical or Hardware recruiting experience.
Familiarity with analytical tools, reporting and data deployment.
Demonstrable interest in consumer electronics, wearables, fitness and health.
Responsibilities of the Payroll Administrator
Weekly and biweekly multistate multi-entity payroll processing.
Associate degree in Accounting, Finance, or related discipline preferred.
Experience with timekeeping systems and integration.
ERP systems knowledge; ADP Workforce Now required.
Organized multitasker with strong attention to detail and accuracy.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Can work independently and as part of a team.
Essential Characteristics of ALL Employees:
Huge drive, ambition and motivation for success
2 - 4 year degree or equivalent experience
Sales and Marketing experience preferred, but not required
Interest in advancement with our company
Update Lexington Facility Organizational Chart on an on-going basis
Create and maintain personnel files for all new employees
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to assess, address and resolve conflict situations
PAYROLL SPECIALIST / BENEFITS COORINDATOR
Manually entering time and making time corrections
Processing Cobra for terminated employees
Answer employee questions regarding 401(k) and FMLA/leave as needed.
Process 401(k) enrollments, loans, withdrawals, rollovers, etc.
Run reports to ensure terminated employees benefits have stopped.
Participates in benefits-related projects and drafts benefit-related communications.
Bachelor?s Degree preferred (or equivalent experience)
Brookdale. Bringing new life to senior living.
Develops, implements, and monitors the human resources department budget(s).
Brookdale is an EOE-(Equal Opportunity Employer) and drug-free workplace.
Fully and accurately utilize our Applicant Tracking System (Jobvite).
Solid experience with Applicant Tracking System (Jobvite preferred).
Effective oral and written communication skills.
Superior analytical skills, solid strategic thinking and teamwork.
Primary work environment is in a climate-controlled office setting.
Maintains records on recruiting activities as required.
Update requisition reports with current statuses.
Open/Close Requisitions utilizing the Applicant Tracking System.
Intermediate to advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office programs.
Lyon participates in the E-Verify program.
For additional information please visit our website at www.oaktreecapital.com.
Coordinating HR team-building activities and celebrations;
Process company-wide employee acknowledgement requests;
Assisting where needed with coordination of e-mail-blast mass mailing;
Copying and scanning, logging parking validations, and ordering supplies;
Back-up support for the Head of HR;
Preparing and proofing ad hoc and routine reports.
Proven track record in maintaining discretion with confidential information;
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills;
Outstanding organizational skills with a strong attention-to-detail;
Self-starter with a proven ability to take initiative;
Team-oriented with strong integrity and professionalism; and
Process savvy, structured and holistic in approach
Able to lead a small global team
Secure organizational commitment to fund and implement said projects.
Have credibility with Senior Management to maximize successful outcomes.
Project management or business experience.
Knowledge of regulations and standards affecting the business preferred.
Demonstrated understanding of organizational development activity preferred.
Knowledge of Human Resources principles
Previous recruiting experience is required
Back to the Job List
Corporate Trainer Adobe Creative Cloud (Part Time)
Maintain current industry standards and best practices as appropriate.
Attend required training and departmental meetings.
Maintain open line of communication with program manager/coordinator.
Adapt curriculum to meet changing industry trends and/or standards.
Engage students through classroom discussions and activities.
Conduct course/workshop evaluation as designed and requested by Division.
Other duties as needed to support program success.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Demonstrates proficiency and passion for teaching.
Track and keep records of student enrollment and progress.
EagleBurgmann Germany GmbH & Co. KG
Reviews and reconciles annual computations for W-2 reporting.
Carries out other duties as assigned.
* Proficiency w/MS Excel and Word
ADP EV5 processing or equivalent HRIS System
SAP HR operating systems knowledge desired.
Demonstrated experience in working independently across multi-site locations.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple responsibilities simultaneously.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment
Ability to handle sensitive information and exercise sound judgment
Ability to interact effectively cross-functionally with business leaders
Manages employee relations including discipline counseling and exit interviewing
Expert organizational skills with deep attention to detail
Ability to effectively communicate with any audience
High level of customer service orientation
Comfort with basic data analysis
Experience in non-profit and/or education sector preferred
Closing Date: 31st December 2017
Closing Date: 31st December 2017
Posted on: 23rd August 2017
creative media environment. This service
temporary employee documents (i.e. offer letters/termination documents) and payroll
for all US temporary employees. The HR Coordinator
environment. This will require a
recruiting status for temporary employees.
offer letters for all US based temporary employees.
orientation and hiring packet for all US based
termination and exit processes as needed.
and administrative tasks as needed
Minimum of 2 years experience working in Human
Knowledge and experience with MS Office (Word,
Basic knowledge of US Labor Laws.
Experience working with web based HRIS or
Experience working with multiple benefit plans
Team player with a proactive attitude and
ability to work in a fast paced environment.
Provides leadership and development of Human Resources team members.
Operates HRIS system(s) to maintain appropriate data integrity.
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.
Generally requires 10+ years related experience
Excellent Communication Skills both verbal and written
Effective Analytical and Problem Solving mindset
Project Management and Change Management Experience
Strong Time and Priorities Management capability
Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer
Learn more about this agency
Click here for definition of EVHO.
Questions? This job is open to 2 groups.
Must submit an SF50 (See Required Documents)
We are not accepting applications from noncitizens.
Experience managing federal worker compensation claims.
Knowledge of federal workers' compensation regulations and procedures.
Position may be subject to a background investigation.
A one-year probationary period may be required.
This is not a bargaining unit position.
How You Will Be Evaluated
To preview the application questionnaire, click the following link:
Background checks and security clearance
Public Trust - Background Investigation
SF-50 (Notification of Personnel Action) is required.
Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
Supervisor name and phone number
Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
HQ HR Services Division (AHF-100)
Learn more about this agency
FAA is an Equal Opportunity Employer
contacting the local FAA Civil Rights Office.
Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) office at OPM
Lifespan School Solutions Safety Care Certification:
Must have excellent interpersonal and communications skills.
Scan employee documentation to Corporate HR for data entry
Assist with Performance Management program (annual and anniversary date)
Maintain general mail and FedEx Shipping
Maintain HR internal website on MOX Today
Manage the service award program
Field employee and manager questions regarding policies/procedures, benefits, etc.
Assist with various HR projects
Associates degree plus 2 years' experience performing administrative duties
Bachelor's degree plus 0 months' experience performing administrative duties
Past experience with HRIS/payroll systems
Effective communication and interpersonal skills--both written and verbal
Trustworthy and confidential--able to maintain highly confidential information
Ability to manage multiple administrative functions
Preferred QualificationsCPT, PHR, and/or SHRM-CP certification preferred
Be smart, thorough, and organized
Be self-directed, motivated, and driven
4 Reasons to Join The Squires Group, Inc.:
-TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph
-Ability to be flexible to adapt to changing situations
-Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills
